in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese restaurant named the blue spice .
the restaurant blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a family-oriented restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
blue spice , a kid-friendly restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a restaurant and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly restaurant blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family friendly chinese restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice restaurant , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice restaurant offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
a kid friendly restaurant called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
blue spice chinese restaurant in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly restaurant called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese restaurant is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .

the up market french restaurant , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
there is high price restaurant named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
the vaults is high price restaurant serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
the vaults is a french restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the vaults restaurant has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
a french restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .

the mill is a kid friendly coffee with a high customer rating that serves fast food at a price range of £20-25 , located near café rouge in the city centre .
located near café rouge , the kid friendly , highly rated pub , the mill is kid friendly restaurant that also serves fast food with a price range £20-25 .
a family-friendly pub that serves fast food with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 , the mill , is located in the city centre , near café rouge .
the mill is a pub that also offers reasonably priced fast food around e20-e25 . they are located in the city center near café rouge . last year , they received high customer ratings and have been found very kid friendly .
the mill is a fast food restaurant located near café rouge in city centre . it is a high rated , kid friendly pub with a price range £20-25 .
there is a great pub named the mill located in the centre of the city near café rouge . they offer fast food , and are reasonably priced with meals costing around e20-e25 . they have a high customer rating and are very kid friendly .

the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
there is an average priced pub near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the pub called the wrestlers .
there 's a pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a pub the wrestlers . child friendly italian pub with a moderate price range .
the wrestlers pub is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian pub by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a pub , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly pub offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian pub called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .

the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost restaurant that provides japanese food .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers restaurant . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end restaurant that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly restaurant north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end restaurant north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly restaurant that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese restaurant in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our restaurant in the medium price range
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type restaurant called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
named the wrestlers , this children friendly restaurant serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers restaurant is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that provides japanese food for a high cost . the restaurant is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant on the riverside . if you are hungry you can eat their chinese food for £20-£25 . it gets a high customer rating and is suitable for kids . find it located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant which also does chinese food . it has a high customer rating and you can expect to spend £20-£25 . it is child friendly and gets a high customer rating . you can find it on the riverside near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .

the mill is a city centre pub near café sicilia . it does n't have that much going for it with a score of 1 out of 5 from customers , a high price range , and no , it 's not friendly to children .
the mill is a non-children friendly fast food pub in the city centre near café sicilia with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub situated near café sicilia in the city centre . with a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5 , a high price range , and a no for children , it 's not the best of options .
the mill is a non-children friendly fast food pub in the city centre near café sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range .

the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian pub that is kids friendly near raja located in riverside .
italian food pub the wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers serves italian food . it is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and has a moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a nice priced italian pub that is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderate price range italian food café is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that serves italian food . has a moderate price range , and is kids friendly . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant named the punter . the punter has indian food , low ratings , not family friendly , and a price range of less than £20 .
near express by holiday inn , in the riverside area , is the restaurant the punter . it is not family friendly , has a low customer rating and is in the price range of less than £20 .
the punter is a low rated restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . the punter has a price range of less than £20 , and is not family friendly .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is low .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is low .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food in the price range of less than £20 , with a low customer rating and not family friendly , in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food in the high price range that is children friendly with an average customer rating in the riverside area near express by holiday inn
an indian restaurant in riverside , located near express by holiday inn , is children friendly and has a high price range . it is called the punter and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a high priced restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food in the high price range . it is children friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn
the punter is a restaurant that provides indian food with high price ranges . they have an average customer rating in located near express by holiday inn in riverside . the punter is child friendly .
there is a high priced restaurant called the punter in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , with an average customer rating , that serves indian food and is also child friendly .

there is a inexpensive indian restaurant called the waterman , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre its not for all the family .
there is a cheap restaurant the waterman located in the centre of the city by the not family friend raja indian cuisine that provides indian food at less then less than £20 .
there is a restaurant in the city centre serving indian food and costing less than £20 . it 's called the waterman and is near raja indian cuisine . not family friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant that serves indian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre . not family friendly .
the waterman , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , is a cheap indian restaurant its not the most family friendly .
there 's a non family friendly indian restaurant called the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the city center for less than £20 .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the low price range . it is located in the city centre however not family friendly it is near raja indian cuisine .

you will find a cheap restaurant suited for couples in the city center near café rouge named the cricketers that serves english food and has been rated 5 out of 5 .
come check out this 5 out of 5 rated restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . cheap english food will be found at the cricketers , with no noisy kids allowed .
located in the centre of cambridge near a café rouge , the cricketers restaurant features english dining , and is not family-friendly . it has a 5 out of 5 rating while being cheap .
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre . with a rating of 5 out of 5 , and no kids allowed , this place will amaze you with it 's english food . located close to café rouge .
the cricketers is a cheap , non-family-friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . this restaurant , which features english food is located in the centre of the city near a café rouge .
near café rouge in the city center you will find a 5 star cheap restaurant suited for couples named the cricketers that serves english food .

the mill is a fast food restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the high price range . it is located after café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub in the riverside area near café sicilia with low customer rating
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area with low customer rating
the high priced the mill pub is currently rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is located in the riverside area near café sicilia . yes the mill is child friendly
the mill is a family friendly pub offering fast food . it has a one star rating and is in the high price range . it is located near to café sicilia .
the mill is a one star family friendly pub offering fast food . it is in the high price range and near to café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant near café sicilia with a low customer rating .
near café sicilia by the riverside is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant named the mill .
the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre , with a high price range and low customer rating .
with a high price range and a low customer rating , the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre .
the mill pub is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is high priced . the mill is situated near café sicilia in the riverside area . children friendly - yes .

the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food . they received a 1 out of 4 customer rating .
the wrestlers is a pub providing sushi in the low price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near raja indian cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near a raja indian cuisine serving medium-priced items . it is not for families .
the wrestlers is a pub in the medium price range . it is located near a raja indian cuisine .
near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wrestlers pub has different kinds of food
the wrestlers pub a variety of foods , it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves japanese food . kids are not allowed . rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve moderately priced japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

the cricketers restaurant near the crowne plaza hotel is not suitable for children .
an average rating , the cricketers , which is near the crowne plaza hotel is not a family-friendly restaurant .

the mill is a fast food restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the high price range . it is located after café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub in the riverside area near café sicilia with low customer rating
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area with low customer rating
the high priced the mill pub is currently rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is located in the riverside area near café sicilia . yes the mill is child friendly
the mill is a family friendly pub offering fast food . it has a one star rating and is in the high price range . it is located near to café sicilia .
the mill is a one star family friendly pub offering fast food . it is in the high price range and near to café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant near café sicilia with a low customer rating .
near café sicilia by the riverside is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant named the mill .
the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre , with a high price range and low customer rating .
with a high price range and a low customer rating , the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre .
the mill pub is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is high priced . the mill is situated near café sicilia in the riverside area . children friendly - yes .

the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly restaurant near ranch .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly restaurant near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch that has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch .
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly restaurant called , the cricketers
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . low rating near the ranch .
a family-friendly restaurant known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating located near ranch .
near ranch is a child friendly restaurant called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a child-friendly restaurant located near ranch with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch , but its customer rating is low .

located near the express by holiday inn in the city centre is a pub named green man . they serve japanese food and are not family-friendly .
the green man is a pub near express by holiday inn in the city centre which serves japanese food . it is not family-friendly .
the green man is a non-family-friendly pub that serves japanese food near the express by holiday inn in the city centre .
for a pub that serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre and that is n't family-friendly then go to the green man
near the express by holiday inn in the city centre there is a non family-friendly pub called the green man , it serves japanese food .
green man is a pub that is n't family-friendly , serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre

located in the riverside area , the waterman , offers italian flare in a restaurant setting and is kid friendly . it is near raja indian cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the waterman is a high priced children friendly restaurant serving italian food .
the restaurant the waterman is an expensive family friendly establishment located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , child friendly the waterman restaurant serves italian food with a high price range .
conveniently located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , the waterman is an elite , but family friendly established restaurant .
for a high priced restaurant serving italian food with a children friendly environment , try the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant has high prices and facilities for the family .
in riverside , is a family friendly , high priced , italian restaurant named the waterman . the waterman is near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children-friendly restaurant named the waterman that offers italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a children friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the high price range .
the waterman is a restaurant that serves italian food . the price range is high but it is children-friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a high price range italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the waterman is a high priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly .
the waterman is a child friendly restaurant which serves highly priced italian food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine , offers italian food in a restaurant atmosphere . this establishment is child friendly but has a high price range .
the waterman restaurant near raja indian cuisine is for the upmarket family . facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

there is a very good fairly inexpensive pub that offers wine and cheese located next to the crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine tasting that is very good and fairly inexpensive located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub and french restaurant located outside of the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel .
located in riverside , the phoenix , a pub serving french cuisine , has a high rating among customers . the food ranges from £20-25 and is child-friendly . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale , family friendly pub that is located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a cute pub serving french food . the prices are average and the pub setting is child friend . you will find the phoenix in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is good for kids and a meal goes for £20-25 . it is a pub with french food and has a high rating . it is next to crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the phoenix offers an affordable five star dining experience for families . it is a french restaurant and pub outside of the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel .
if you happen to find yourself strolling riverside and getting a bit hungry be sure to stop in at the phoenix . the phoenix is a great coffee ship serving french cuisine at an affordable price . the phoenix is child friendly and near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale pub located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix , located riverside , is a child-friendly pub offering french cuisine ranging from £20-25 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a high customer rating .

the vaults is a moderately priced low rated japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
low rated japanese pub , the vaults is priced moderate near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
the vaults is a pub that has a moderate price range and japanese food with low ratings near raja indian cuisine in city centre with a moderate price range .
a pub called the vaults with japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine and the city centre . it is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in city centre near raja indian cuisine is the vaults that is a pub and japanese food place with low reviews and a price range of moderate .
a pub named the vaults with japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine and the city centre . it is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

next to raja indian cuisine there is a non family friendly restaurant , it is called the wrestlers and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a non family friendly , low priced restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is situated near raja indian cuisine at the riverside . prices are less than £20 . not family-friendly .
a low priced restaurant called the wrestlers is not suitable for families . it is next to the raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a japanese restaurant . no families . its prices are within the less than £20 range .
the wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant , located near the river . raja indian cuisine is nearby .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine on the riverside . its prices lie within the less than £20 range . no families .
near raja indian cuisine in riverside is the wrestlers . it is a japanese restaurant , has reasonable prices but is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers , located near raja indian cuisine , is a low-priced restaurant that does not cater to families of small children .
the wrestlers restaurant serves japanese food . it is situated near raja indian cuisine at the riverside . prices are less than £20 . it is not family-friendly .
the wrestlers is across from raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not family-friendly , but offers japanese food at a reasonable price .

the cricketers is a coffee shop near express by holiday inn . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the express by holiday inn is located by the cricketers coffee shop
near express by holiday inn is the cricketers . it 's not a family-friendly coffee shop that has low customer ratings .
the cricketers is a coffee shop , located across from express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn there is a coffee shop called the cricketers . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is not a family-friendly coffee shop near express by holiday inn , that has low customer ratings .
the cricketers coffee shop is located near the express by holiday inn

the punter is a pub type pub located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . it offers english food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves high-priced english food in a non kid-friendly environment .
the punter is a high-priced pub that serves english cuisine in an adult environment . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is an english pub that is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine . it has a high price range , and it is not family-friendly .
in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , there is a pub called the punter . it has high prices , and it is not children friendly .
the punter is a pub type pub located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . it offers english food and is located near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults is an indian pub located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .
the vaults is an inexpensive , family friendly pub in riverside serving indian food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside is an indian pub near raja indian cuisine called the vaults . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .
the vaults pub has indian food at cheap prices . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an pub serving indian food . they are low cost and family friendly , located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

in the city centre near café rouge is a kid friendly english food restaurant called the mill . it is rate 1 out of 5 stars .
the mill is an english restaurant in the town centre by café rouge , it is family-friendly rated 1 out 5 priced moderate .
the mill restaurant is moderate priced english good rated 1 out of 5 stars . it is in the city centre near café rouge and is kid friendly .
there is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called the mill . it serves moderately priced food in a kid-friendly environment and is located in the near café rouge in the city center .
the mill is a low-rated restaurant near café rouge in the city center . it serves moderately priced english food .
by café rouge in city centre is the mill british restaurant , family-friendly rated 1 out of 5 .

there is a japanese pub called the vaults its by the riverside near raja indian cuisine with high ratings and also kid friendly .
the vaults is an average priced pub style japanese restaurant with high customer reviews and child friendly atmosphere , near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is great sushi at affordable prices . located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a mid-price 5-star sushi bar and pub near raja indian cuisine , north of the city center .
find the vaults is a japanese food a highly rated kids friendly average priced pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults , a japanese pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults , a japanese pub , boasts moderate prices , high ratings , and a family friendly atmosphere .
the vaults is a mid-price 5-star family restaurant and pub . it 's north of the city center .
a kid friendly japanese pub that has high ratings is close to raja indian cuisine near the riverside , the name is the vaults .

the mill is a pub located near raja indian cuisine at riverside providing fast food . its price range is £20-25 and it is kids friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside with a price range of 20£-25 and is kids friendly is a fast food pub called the mill
the mill in riverside with a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly is near the raja indian cuisine is a fast food pub
for under £25 the mill offers a kid friendly pub serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the mill is a fast food pub that 's kid friendly where you can eat for under £25 and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside
near raja indian cuisine at riverside there is a pub called the mill which provides fast food . it has a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly .

the punter is a pub serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near raja indian cuisine along the riverside and is not kids friendly .
there is a pub , the punter , serving chinese food along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced .
the punter is a chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in the river side . price is moderate , no kids friendly .
the punter is a moderate chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in the river side . it is no kids friendly .
the punter is a pub which offers chinese food . it has a moderate price range . it is in a riverside area . it is not kids friendly and it is near raja indian cuisine .
no kids in the punter , it is a chinese pub , on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , fairly moderate prices .
the punter is a chinese pub that has a moderate price range , located near the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , my advice no children .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly coffee shop
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers coffee shop food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
the children friendly coffee shop named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
there is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop near the express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a coffee shop called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced coffee shop that the whole family will enjoy .
a coffee shop with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the children friendly coffee shop named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
a kid friendly coffee shop is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
the cricketers coffee shop near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .
the cricketers are kids friendly coffee shop in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings called the cricketers
a popular child friendly coffee shop is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly coffee shop located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers , a family friendly coffee shop near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly coffee shop called the cricketers with a high customer rating .

the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it is by the riverside , serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 .
at the riverside , nearby raja indian cuisine , there is a child friendly restaurant called the phoenix which serves fast food , for which you can expect to pay more than £30 .
the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant that serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 . it is by the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
for a fast food restaurant with a price range more than £30 there is the phoenix in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is also children friendly .
the phoenix restaurant is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £30 . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is children friendly with a price range more than £30 per head .

the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food . they received a 1 out of 4 customer rating .
the wrestlers is a pub providing sushi in the low price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near raja indian cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near a raja indian cuisine serving medium-priced items . it is not for families .
the wrestlers is a pub in the medium price range . it is located near a raja indian cuisine .
near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wrestlers pub has different kinds of food
the wrestlers pub a variety of foods , it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves japanese food . kids are not allowed . rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve moderately priced japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

the kids-friendly restaurant called the waterman near riverside next to raja indian cuisine also serve indian foods with high price .
there is an above average priced restaurant called the waterman , located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the venue is child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . this kid friendly place has above average pricing .
the waterman is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine near riverside . it serves indian food with high-priced menu .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian food at a price range of over £30 . it is on the riverside , is child-friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food at more than £30 . it is child friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

in the city centre near to all bar one is the cricketers chinese restaurant , it has bad customer ratings but it is child friendly .
as a restaurant also offering up chinese food , the cricketers is a wonderful play to visit . priced in the higher range , customers have given this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating . located near the center . of the city , children are welcome here and the cricketers offers a menu that they would also enjoy . located near all bar one , the cricketers should be on everyone 's list as a place to try .
a restaurant serving chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly is the cricketers , located near all bar one in city centre .
delicious chinese food offered at the cricketers is located center . city next to all bar one . offering up delicious cuisine in the upper range price , the cricketers is child friendly . rated a 1 out of 5 rating , this place will please even the pickiest eaters .
the cricketers restaurant with high price range with chinese food is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant service chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but is child friendly , near all bar one in city centre .

green man is a non family friendly japanese pub , just a short distance along the riverside from the express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub located next to express by holiday inn . the green man is a non family friendly pub .
green man is a japanese pub located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
the green man is a sushi and coffee place near the express by holiday inn and does not permit families .
green man is a pub serving japanese food , it 's located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
green man is a pub serving japanese food , it 's not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , green man is a japanese pub that is not family friendly .
located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn is a pub named green man offering japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment .
there is a japanese pub green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn . not family-friendly .
the green man is a non family friendly pub which is located next to the express by holiday inn .

giraffe is a restaurant that offers family-friendly fast food . it is located in the city centre , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , located in the city centre , is a restaurant that offers fast food . this family-friendly restaurant can be found near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a family-friendly restaurant serving fast food .
in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café there is a fast food restaurant named giraffe , which is family-friendly .
restaurant giraffe is a family-friendly fast food restaurant in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a family-friendly restaurant that also serves fast food . it is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café

for a child free riverside pub that serves french style food at a high price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 then visit the phoenix which is located near to crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a french pub which is near crowne plaza hotel by riverside . it is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . the phoenix is not child friendly .
the phoenix is a low-priced restaurant in near crowne plaza hotel that delivers take-away .
the phoenix is a highly priced french pub near crowne plaza hotel by riverside . the phoenix is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a riverside pub that serves french style food , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 this leaves a lot to be desired with a high price range and no children policy you can find it located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range . it is located in near crowne plaza hotel .

the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and it is not kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub with a moderate price range that has japanese food and is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly .
there is a moderately priced pub called the wrestlers in the centre of the city near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and kids are not welcomed .
the wrestlers is a pub with a moderate price range that has japanese food and is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly .
there 's a pub that the wrestlers go to , with a moderate price range , serving japanese food . this pub is not kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
a pub that the wrestlers eat at , with a moderate price range , serves japanese cuisine , but is not kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .

the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly restaurant near ranch .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly restaurant near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch that has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch .
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly restaurant called , the cricketers
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . low rating near the ranch .
a family-friendly restaurant known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating located near ranch .
near ranch is a child friendly restaurant called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a child-friendly restaurant located near ranch with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch , but its customer rating is low .

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

there is a restaurant in the city centre called the mill , located near café rouge . it serves english food and it is moderately priced . it is not kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near café rouge in the city centre is a restaurant called the mill serving moderately priced english food . customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children .
the mill is a restaurant in the city centre near café rouge serving english food at a moderate price . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids-friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced restaurant with a low customer rating . it serves english food and is located close to café rouge in the city centre . it is not suitable for families with children .
a none kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a restaurant which serve english food a moderate price range . the mill is located in the city centre near café rouge .
the mill is a restaurant also do english food . a moderate price range , none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating . you can find this place in the city centre near café rouge .

located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a pub offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a pub with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman is a pub that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
there is a high price pub , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .

the vaults is a child friendly italian food pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center area with an average customer rating and a high price range .
the vaults is near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a children friendly restaurant in city center . this pub is a average rated pub with italian food . the vaults is a higher priced pub .
the vaults has a high price range , serves italian food , is a pub , has an average customer rating , is near the city centre and rainbow vegetarian café and is children friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center area is an italian pub that is child friendly with a high price range named the vaults that was given an average customer rating .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the city center . the vaults is a high priced , italian place is near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the city centre and rainbow vegetarian café is the pub the vaults , which serves italian food , is child friendly , has an average customer rating and has a high price range .

there is a high price restaurant , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .
located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
the waterman is a restaurant that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

at the riverside , there is a pub called the blue spice .
there is a pub blue spice in the riverside area .

a pub named strada has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a pub called strada with customer rating 1 out of 5 .
the customer rated 1 out of 5 , strada is near rainbow vegetarian café .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the mill is a pub that offers moderately priced kid friendly fast food . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are located in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill pub has fast food , is kid friendly , and has a moderate price range . they are located near café sicilia on the riverside .
the mill pub is located near café sicilia on the riverside . they have fast food , kid friendly , and moderate prices .
near café sicilia is a 1 star medium priced pub for families called the mill .
the mill is a poorly rated , moderately expensive family pub near café sicilia . it serves fast food .
the mill is a moderately priced pub , located by café sicilia and offers a family friendly atmosphere .
fast food kid friendly 1 out of 5 café sicilia riverside the pub the mill moderate
the mill is a pub , located next to café sicilia and is a moderately priced and family friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub that offers fast food . located in riverside near café sicilia , they have an average customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the pub the mill moderate fast food kid friendly 1 out of 5 café sicilia riverside
the mill is a family pub that serves fast food . it is poorly rated and moderately expensive and located near café sicilia .

the restaurant , the phoenix , is not kid friendly , considered fast food and has a high price range . though not kid friendly , it is near raja indian cuisine and river side .
the phoenix offers fast food and restaurant with expensive price near raja indian cuisine .
in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix , it is a restaurant . it is not kid friendly and the fast food is highly expensive .
the phoenix offers fast food and restaurant with expensive price near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix restaurant has highly expensive fast food , and it is not kid friendly . it is in the area of riverside and near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix , a fast food restaurant is not kid friendly . with a high price range , it is near raja indian cuisine and in the riverside area .

situated in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find a child-friendly restaurant with chinese food on the menu called the punter . the prices tend to be more than £30 .
the is a restaurant that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . it 's called the punter and it 's children friendly . its located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant has chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
if you 're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food , the punter is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than £30 . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant has chinese food and is family friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the punter is a restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine , where they serve chinese food , it 's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it 's a children friendly facility .
there is a restaurant the punter located near raja indian cuisine . they offer chinese food in the price range of more than £30 . they are children friendly and located riverside .

japanese food at the wrestlers pub features a price range of more than £30 . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . we are not children friendly .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub is not children friendly . our price range is more than £30 and we offer japanese food .
the wrestlers is an adult japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine with price range more than £30
the wrestlers is an adult japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine with price range more than £30

the punter is a family-friendly restaurant serving cheap italian food . it 's located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café and has an average customer rating .
there is a cheap , restaurant that serves italian , named the punter , in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it has an average customer rating and is family friendly
the punter is a low priced , average consumer rated , family-friendly restaurant , that serves italian food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
the punter is a family-friendly location with a average rating near rainbow vegetarian café . the punter is an italian restaurant with cheap prices in the city center .
the punter is a italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café . this family-friendly location in the city center area has a average rating with cheap prices .
in the city centre there is a cheap restaurant with average customer ratings . it 's called the punter and is family-friendly , located near rainbow vegetarian café .

in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese restaurant named the blue spice .
the restaurant blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a family-oriented restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
blue spice , a kid-friendly restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a restaurant and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly restaurant blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family friendly chinese restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice restaurant , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice restaurant offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
a kid friendly restaurant called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
blue spice chinese restaurant in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly restaurant called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese restaurant is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .

the punter restaurant is children friendly . the shop has 1 out of 5 rating due to it high-priced items . you could find the shop near riverside next to express by holiday inn .
in the riverside area near express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the punter . the punter serves indian food and is children friendly . the punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars . it has a high price range .
the punter is a high-priced restaurant that offers indian food . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
the restaurant called the punter , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a children friendly restaurant that serves indian food and has 1 out of 5 stars , it has a high price range .
there is a restaurant near express by holiday inn that serves indian food . it does n't have a very good rating and the prices are high . it is called the punter .
there is an expensive restaurant called the punter located in riverside near express by holiday inn that provides indian food . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is near express by holiday inn . it is a restaurant that serves indian food and is child friendly

there is a children friendly restaurant the punter near express by holiday inn high price range .
located near express by holiday inn in the centre of the city is a new restaurant , the punter .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is high .
located near express by holiday inn in the city centre , you can find an indian restaurant called the punter . though its prices exceed £30 , it has a high rating .
the punter is a restaurant that offers indian food . its prices are more than £30 but it has a high customer rating . it is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn and it is children friendly
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is high .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

the punter is an expensive indian restaurant with an average customer rating . it is located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn , but is not children friendly .
near express by holiday inn is an expensive indian restaurant called the punter . it is not child friendly and is in the city centre .
there is an expensive , non-children friendly indian restaurant called the punter located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn .
in the city centre . the restaurant the punter has an average customer rating for its indian food and it is not children friendly . it is located near to express by holiday inn .
near the express by holiday inn in the city center there is a restaurant called the punter that serves indian food for a high price range . it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter has an average customer rating for its indian food . it is a restaurant in the city centre , near to express by holiday inn . it is not children friendly .
the punter is a restaurant that serves indian food for a high price range . it has an average customer rating and is located near express by holiday inn in the city centre , it is not children friendly .

located near raja indian cuisine in city centre is a restaurant named wildwood . this restaurant provides indian food and is not family friendly .
the restaurant , wildwood in the city centre near raja indian cuisine serves some indian dishes . it 's adults only but .
in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine , lies the wildwood . it is a restaurant which also offers indian food . the venue is not family friendly .
restaurant and indian food venue , wildwood , is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine and is not considered family friendly .
there is a non-family friendly restaurant called wildwood in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , which serves indian food .
there 's a restaurant that serves indian food in the city centre , wildwood . it 's down near raja indian cuisine , although it does n't allow kids .
there is a restaurant named wildwood in the city centre that provides indian food near raja indian cuisine and they are not family friendly .

near raja indian cuisine is a japanese restaurant and restaurant named the wrestlers . it has a price range of more than £30 and is kid-friendly .
the wrestlers , located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , is a japanese restaurant and restaurant . it is children friendly with a price range of more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant with a price range of more than £30 . it also serves japanese food and is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
with prices greater than £30 , the wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant located in the city centre . it also serves japanese food and is close to raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near all bar one along the riverside and is not kids friendly . it is rated 3 out of 5 .
though not kid friendly , the cricketers is located near the all bar one , in riverside area . this restaurant has chinese food in a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers restaurant and chinese near all bar one in the riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating , but is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that also serves chinese food . the price range is moderate and rated a 3 out of 5 by customers . the cricketers is not a kid friendly place but if you would like to try it , it is located by the riverside area near all bar one .
a restaurant , the cricketers , serves chinese food at a moderate price . it is rated 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly but is located by the all bar one by the riverside .
there is a restaurant , the cricketers , serving chinese food along the riverside near all bar one . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers , rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near all bar one , is a restaurant that also serves chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .

cheap italian food for adults can be found at the punter restaurant , near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . average ratings , and cheap prices .
a restaurant serving italian food for adults can be found on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . the punter has average ratings , and cheap prices
hello and welcome to the punter , we serve the finest italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near rainbow vegetarian café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly .
hello and welcome to the punter , we serve the finest italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near rainbow vegetarian café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly .

the punter is an indian restaurant , it is pretty bad moderate prices and 3 out of 5 customer ratings , the punter is on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , yes mothers it can accommodate kids .
the punter is a restaurant , which also serves indian cuisine at moderate prices . customers have rated the food 3 out of 5 . the punter is situated near the riverside and express by holiday inn . children are welcome .
the punter is a restaurant serving indian food with a moderate price . it is located near express by holiday inn along the riverside and is kids friendly . it is rated 3 out of 5 .
located on the riverside near express by holiday inn , the punter is a restaurant that also serves indian food . with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is also a kid friendly place .
the punter is a restaurant , which also provides indian cuisine at moderate prices . customers have rated the food 3 out of 5 . the punter is situated near the riverside and express by holiday inn . children are welcome .
near the riverside is a indian restaurant that is suitable for kids , however it is priced in moderate standards and only has a 3 out of 5 rating . on the riverside near the express by holiday inn the shop is called the punter
there is a restaurant , the punter , serving indian food along the riverside near express by holiday inn . it is kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the mill is an average non family-friendly pub that has fast food near café sicilia in the city centre .
the mill is a cheap fast food and pub establishment located in the city centre near café sicilia . it is not kid-friendly .
the mill pub is near café sicilia in the city centre that is n't family friendly , is average and has fast food .
the mill is a fast-food pub located in the center of the city near café sicilia . while the prices are cheap , the pub is not family-friendly , although it does hold an average customer rating .
the mill is a fast-food pub near café sicilia in the center of the city . while the shop holds an average customer rating and has a cheap price range , it is not a family-friendly place .
near the café sicilia in the city centre , there is a cheap , non-family-friendly fast food and pub named the mill .

there is a riverside pub near to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it serves french cuisine for less than £20 per head but it is n't very family-friendly and has low customer ratings .
if you are looking for a family-friendly french pub at the riverside you should try the phoenix located near to the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food and is situated near crowne plaza hotel at riverside . low customer ratings and not suitable for families yet low price range of around £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , low rated pub in the riverside area . it serves french food , not recommended for families and is close to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub located at the riverside near to the crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with a budget menu but low ratings .
the phoenix pub is a low priced restaurant in the city centre , east of crowne plaza hotel . you can eat-in or take-out . not family friendly .
the phoenix is a pub serving low priced french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 . the price range is low .
the phoenix is a french pub in the riverside area , close to crowne plaza hotel . this venue is cheap , not recommended for families and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a cheap restaurant rated 1 star , the phoenix pub , located in city centre east of crowne plaza hotel . not recommended for families . they offer eat-in , take-out or delivers .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that sells french cuisine in the £20 or less range , it does n't have good customer ratings . you 'll find it near the crowne plaza hotel but it is n't family-friendly .

near the café sicilia is an average rated restaurant , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers restaurant food near the café sicilia
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
there is a children friendly , average rated restaurant called the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly restaurant , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for an average rated restaurant that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly restaurant called the cricketers .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant .
the cricketers is a restaurant near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
for a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is an average rated restaurant with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
near café sicilia there is a restaurant named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly restaurant located near the café sicilia .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
the cricketers restaurant is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia
for restaurant style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , restaurant that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family restaurant in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is an english restaurant near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
a family restaurant in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside restaurant serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
restaurant , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the mill is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the restaurant raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the mill is a restaurant that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

the phoenix is a nice restaurant with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near raja indian cuisine
there is a moderately priced restaurant the phoenix in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a family-friendly fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
a fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the phoenix is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a charming restaurant featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near raja indian cuisine in the city center area

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

the highly rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near crowne plaza hotel . do n't bring the kids .
the cricketers , a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , is highly rated but not family-friendly .
the cricketers is a highly rated , but not family-friendly , coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
family-friendly coffee shop the cricketers is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers , a highly rated coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , is not family-friendly .
the cricketers coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the phoenix is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the pub is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub called the phoenix .
family friendly , the phoenix pub which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix pub offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food pub and pub . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a family friendly pub called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
a high priced pub serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the pub is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the children friendly fast food pub and pub , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix pub . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a high price pub located by raja indian cuisine .
there 's a pub named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .

the highly rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near crowne plaza hotel . do n't bring the kids .
the cricketers , a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , is highly rated but not family-friendly .
the cricketers is a highly rated , but not family-friendly , coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
family-friendly coffee shop the cricketers is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers , a highly rated coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , is not family-friendly .
the cricketers coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
3 out of 5 star coffee shop style coffee shop the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a coffee shop called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly coffee shop near avalon
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . the coffee shop boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly coffee shop near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .

the mill is a low-priced pub serving fast food , located by the riverside near café sicilia . it caters to adults and its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
at riverside near café sicilia , there is a pub called the mill which provides fast food . it is not family-friendly and is in the cheap price range . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub that provides fast food . it is located at riverside near café sicilia . it is not family-friendly , in the cheap price range and has a customer rating 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at great prices . it has gotten fantastic reviews . the mill is located riverside near café sicilia .
located at the riverside near café sicilia , the mill is a fast food pub with great ratings , and cheap prices . the mill offers a quiet setting with no amenities for children .
in the riverside area near café sicilia is a low-cost pub named the mill . it serves fast food catered towards adults and rates 5 out of 5 .

there is an indian restaurant in city centre named the punter . it is cheap with a low customer rating and near express by holiday inn . it is not family friendly .
family friendly restaurant low rating with a price of £20 , the punter serves indian dishes , near express by holiday inn in the city centre area .
the punter restaurant featuring indian style foods at a reasonable price of £20 , located in the city centre near express by holiday inn
come for a coffee and some indian food without the kids for low prices near express by holiday inn in the city centre , we are the punter .
there is a restaurant near the city centre and express by holiday inn called the punter . it is both rated low and in the low price range , serves indian food , and is not family friendly .
the punter , a low-rated restaurant , serves indian food in the low price range . customers say it is not family friendly and it can be found near the city centre and express by holiday inn .

the punter is a restaurant in city centre next to express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
the punter is an italian food restaurant located near express by holiday inn in the city centre . with a price range of £20-25 , it is highly rated and is not conducive for kids .
near express by holiday inn is and italian restaurant called the punter . it has a price range of £20-25 and is not kid-friendly .
the punter is next to express by holiday inn with a price range to £20-25 great service an italian food
located near express by holiday inn in the city centre is a highly rated restaurant called the punter . the punter is not conducive for kids . they serve italian food with a price range of £20-25 .
the punter , near express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant with a price range of £20-25 , and was given a high customer rating but is not kid-friendly .

there is a restaurant called the cricketers that provides chinese food in the price range of £20-£25 it is in the city centre near all bar one and is n't kids friends .
the cricketers is a café that has received high reviews for its chinese food . leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal for £20-25 . located in the centre of the city near all bar one .
located in the city center . near all bar one , the cricketers serves coffee and chinese food for a price range of £20-25 . it is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant located in the city centre near all bar one . it provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range and is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food for a price range £20-25 . it is located in the city center. , close to all bar one , is not children friendly , and has a high customer rating .
enjoy highly rated chinese dishes for £20-25 . the cricketers is a restaurant located downtown near all bar one . it is not oriented toward family dining .
the cricketers is a restaurant that provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . it is located in the centre of the city near all bar one .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

near café sicilia in the city centre you can find a quite pricey pub which does not welcome children called the phoenix . it has a pretty good customer rating and tends to serve french food .
in the city centre , near café sicilia , you can find the french pub the phoenix . it is mot kid friendly however provides reasonably priced food ranging from £20-25 and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a french pub located in the city centre near café sicilia . the average rating is 3 out of 5 with a price range from £20-25 and it is not kid friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub , with a mid price range which is located near to café sicilia in the city centre . the phoenix is not child friendly and customer ratings are average .
adults can enjoy french food at the phoenix which is a mid priced pub situated in the city centre near café sicilia . it has average customer ratings .
the phoenix is a pub which serves french food in the city centre , near café sicilia . it has a reasonable customer rating but is quite expensive and does not actively welcome children .

the phoenix is a moderately priced , adult oriented restaurant , located in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant by the name of the phoenix . their price range is moderate and they serve fast food . they are not kid friendly and they are at the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix restaurant serves fast food at a moderate price . the phoenix can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is not kid friendly .
located in the centre of the city near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced the phoenix offers an adult , non kid friendly fast food experience .
there is a no kid friendly restaurant called the phoenix located at the city centre . they serve fast food , their price range is moderate , and they are near raja indian cuisine .
located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , the phoenix is a moderately priced adult oriented restaurant .

the punter is a family-friendly restaurant . it is located close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is an expensive family friendly restaurant , by the side of the river and just down the road from rainbow vegetarian café .
located at rainbow vegetarian café in city centre , the punter restaurant offers good affordable meals and is family friendly .
the punter is a high priced italian restaurant . it is kid friendly with a customer rating of out of 5 near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
the punter restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café has good continental dishes at good prices .
the punter , an italian restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , offers a children friendly atmosphere with prices on the higher end . the punter has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the high price range , located close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is just down the road from rainbow vegetarian café and is a 5-star family friendly restaurant by the river
the punter is a children friendly italian restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . the prices are on the high end with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the punter is a kid friendly italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it is high priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is eat type restaurant providing italian food near rainbow vegetarian café riverside area .

on the riverside near café sicilia is the phoenix . a pub that serves fast food within a moderate price range . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and had burgers , drinks , and fries
not far from café sicilia is the phoenix pub which offers a similar moderately priced menu .
the phoenix pub , near café sicilia , is a family friendly , average priced restaurant with a three star rating .
the phoenix is a fast food pub that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly . it has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located along the riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and has burgers , drinks , and fries
the phoenix is a fast food pub located along the riverside near café sicilia . it is kid friendly with moderate prices and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a kids friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area . it is moderately priced , rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food .
the phoenix serves moderately priced fast food in a kids friendly pub . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is found near café sicilia in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it is by the riverside , serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 .
at the riverside , nearby raja indian cuisine , there is a child friendly restaurant called the phoenix which serves fast food , for which you can expect to pay more than £30 .
the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant that serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 . it is by the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
for a fast food restaurant with a price range more than £30 there is the phoenix in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is also children friendly .
the phoenix restaurant is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £30 . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is children friendly with a price range more than £30 per head .

there is a restaurant called the cricketers that provides chinese food in the price range of £20-£25 it is in the city centre near all bar one and is n't kids friends .
the cricketers is a café that has received high reviews for its chinese food . leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal for £20-25 . located in the centre of the city near all bar one .
located in the city center . near all bar one , the cricketers serves coffee and chinese food for a price range of £20-25 . it is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant located in the city centre near all bar one . it provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range and is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food for a price range £20-25 . it is located in the city center. , close to all bar one , is not children friendly , and has a high customer rating .
enjoy highly rated chinese dishes for £20-25 . the cricketers is a restaurant located downtown near all bar one . it is not oriented toward family dining .
the cricketers is a restaurant that provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . it is located in the centre of the city near all bar one .

stunning crowne plaza hotel coffee shop the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
a kid friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly coffee shop located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel

a family-friendly italian restaurant is the waterman . it has prices less than £20 and is located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre .
located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre , is the italian restaurant called the waterman . it has prices less than £20 .
the waterman , sited near raja indian cuisine , luton , is a family-friendly restaurant serving italian food at mid-range prices .
in the city near raja indian cuisine there is a family-friendly italian restaurant with a price range of less than 20 euros named the waterman .
the waterman is a family-friendly restaurant offering italian food at reasonable prices , it is located near the raja indian cuisine , luton .
the waterman is a family-friendly italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city with a price range of less than 20 euros

the cricketers is an english restaurant located near all bar one within the riverside area . it is highly rated with prices between £20-25 and it is not conducive for kids .
the cricketers restaurant providing english food . it is located in riverside near all bar one . have £20-25 price range and high costumer rating .
the cricketers restaurant providing english food . it is located in riverside near all bar one . have £20-25 price range .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food near all bar one in the riverside area . it has a price range of 20-25 pounds and is a highly rated restaurant .
near all bar one in the riverside area is an english restaurant called the cricketers . they are not conducive for kids , but the prices are between £20-25 and they highly rated .
the cricketers is a restaurant located in the riverside area near all bar one that features highly rated english food for 20-25 pounds and is not kid friendly .

there is an adult only fast food pub giraffe located in the centre of the city near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is an adult pub providing fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is located in the city centre .
in the city centre , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a non family-friendly pub and fast food place named giraffe .
giraffe is a pub and fast food place that is not family-friendly near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is not a family-friendly fast food pub and pub .
giraffe is a fast food pub located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family-friendly .

giraffe is a child friendly pub serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe is a fast food pub near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
the fast food pub called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a pub
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food pub is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly pub called giraffe which serves fast food .
giraffe is a children-friendly pub that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , pub located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a pub with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a pub in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
the pub , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly pub by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly pub style pub called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food pub in riverside .
giraffe , a pub with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a pub providing fast food for you and the kids .
fast food pub giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a children friendly pub on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
a pub with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , there is a pub offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
there is a pub called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food pub . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a kids-friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the pub giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
giraffe is a fast food pub . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
giraffe is a riverside pub which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly pub called giraffe that serves fast food .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub that has fast food called giraffe .

no , the wrestlers is japanese fast food with pub on the side raja indian cuisine with low rank and more than £30
the wrestlers is a pub made japanese food near from raja indian cuisine at city centre
the wrestlers is japanese fast food with pub on side raja indian cuisine with low rank and no more than £30
there is a pub near from raja indian cuisine at city centre named the wrestlers made japanese food

there is a restaurant near the all bar one in the city centre called the cricketers . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve chinese .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant is in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly . it is also located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near all bar one is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a not kids friendly chinese restaurant located near all bar one in city centre , with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range .
the cricketers located in the city centre near all bar one is not kid friendly , but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a restaurant serving chinese cuisine with a moderate price range .
located in the city centre near all bar one , the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that also serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre near to all bar one , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . it is not kids friendly .

blue spice is a pub in city centre .
a pub in the city centre area called blue spice .

there is a very good fairly inexpensive pub that offers wine and cheese located next to the crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine tasting that is very good and fairly inexpensive located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub and french restaurant located outside of the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel .
located in riverside , the phoenix , a pub serving french cuisine , has a high rating among customers . the food ranges from £20-25 and is child-friendly . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale , family friendly pub that is located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a cute pub serving french food . the prices are average and the pub setting is child friend . you will find the phoenix in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is good for kids and a meal goes for £20-25 . it is a pub with french food and has a high rating . it is next to crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the phoenix offers an affordable five star dining experience for families . it is a french restaurant and pub outside of the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel .
if you happen to find yourself strolling riverside and getting a bit hungry be sure to stop in at the phoenix . the phoenix is a great coffee ship serving french cuisine at an affordable price . the phoenix is child friendly and near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale pub located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix , located riverside , is a child-friendly pub offering french cuisine ranging from £20-25 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a high customer rating .

cheap italian food for adults can be found at the punter restaurant , near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . average ratings , and cheap prices .
a restaurant serving italian food for adults can be found on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . the punter has average ratings , and cheap prices
hello and welcome to the punter , we serve the finest italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near rainbow vegetarian café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly .
hello and welcome to the punter , we serve the finest italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near rainbow vegetarian café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly .

the blue spice is a pub that also serves chinese food , it 's located in the city center . the pub is n't very family friendly , but the proximity to the rainbow vegetarian café makes up for it .
near rainbow vegetarian café blue spice pub chinese in city centre family friendly no .
located in the city center . right next to the rainbow vegetarian café , the pub , blue spice , has wonderful chinese food . the blue spice is perfect for date night , but i would n't recommend bringing your family there .
blue spice is a pub located in the city centre . it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a pub that also sells chinese food . children should not visit .
a pub named blue spice is located in the city centre . it is for adults and is close to rainbow vegetarian café . they offer chinese food .
there is a pub blue spice located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . it is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , child friendly the waterman pub serves italian food with a high price range .
located in the riverside area , the waterman , offers italian flare in a pub setting and is kid friendly . it is near raja indian cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side .
the waterman is a child friendly pub which serves highly priced italian food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
conveniently located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , the waterman is an elite , but family friendly established pub .
the waterman is a high price range italian pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the waterman is a high priced children friendly pub serving italian food .
for a high priced pub serving italian food with a children friendly environment , try the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman pub near raja indian cuisine is for the upmarket family . facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman pub has high prices and facilities for the family .
the waterman is a children friendly italian pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the high price range .
the pub the waterman is an expensive family friendly establishment located near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub that serves italian food . the price range is high but it is children-friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a children-friendly pub named the waterman that offers italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine , offers italian food in a pub atmosphere . this establishment is child friendly but has a high price range .
in riverside , is a family friendly , high priced , italian pub named the waterman . the waterman is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a high priced pub located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
3 out of 5 star coffee shop style coffee shop the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a coffee shop called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly coffee shop near avalon
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . the coffee shop boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly coffee shop near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .

the mill is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it sells things for less than £20 and is family-friendly .
the mill , is a pub and is family-friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20 . it serves english food and is a pub .
the mill , is a pub and is family-friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is a cheap english pub . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is family-friendly .
the mill is a cheap , family-friendly , pub serving english food . they are near to raja indian cuisine in the city centre .

the phoenix is an amazing indian restaurant near the riverside . you can expect to spend 20 pounds or so , and there really is n't much for the kiddos . if you have trouble finding it , it 's near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix provides an indian restaurant experience at a reasonable price . rated highly it can be found near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside , but children are not welcome .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is an indian restaurant called the phoenix . it has a price range of 20-25 , is not kid friendly , and has a high customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is an indian restaurant called the phoenix . it is not kid friendly , has a price range of 20-25 and has a high customer rating .
highly rated indian restaurant the phoenix is located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . not kid friendly but average price .
there is a cool indian restaurant down close to the riverside called the phoenix . customers love it , and its super easy to find from the crowne plaza hotel parking lot . kids and coffee do n't mix , so be sure to not be that guy .
the phoenix indian restaurant is moderately priced and has high ratings . this is not a kid friendly establishment but is located near crowne plaza hotel in riverside .

located in the riverside area , the waterman , offers italian flare in a restaurant setting and is kid friendly . it is near raja indian cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the waterman is a high priced children friendly restaurant serving italian food .
the restaurant the waterman is an expensive family friendly establishment located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , child friendly the waterman restaurant serves italian food with a high price range .
conveniently located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , the waterman is an elite , but family friendly established restaurant .
for a high priced restaurant serving italian food with a children friendly environment , try the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant has high prices and facilities for the family .
in riverside , is a family friendly , high priced , italian restaurant named the waterman . the waterman is near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children-friendly restaurant named the waterman that offers italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a children friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the high price range .
the waterman is a restaurant that serves italian food . the price range is high but it is children-friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a high price range italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the waterman is a high priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly .
the waterman is a child friendly restaurant which serves highly priced italian food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine , offers italian food in a restaurant atmosphere . this establishment is child friendly but has a high price range .
the waterman restaurant near raja indian cuisine is for the upmarket family . facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this restaurant is not kid friendly .
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly restaurant . this restaurant has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers restaurant . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this restaurant can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
average priced food at the wrestlers restaurant . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers restaurant is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced

the waterman is a pub that offer italian food also , less than £20 average and located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . kids not welcome .
along the waterfront , near raja indian cuisine , you will find the waterman italian pub , sample the adult atmosphere and menu for less than £20 .
the waterman is a mature italian pub near the riverside with a competitive menu for under £20 , near the raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers is a kids friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food .
the wrestlers is a fun and competitive food establishment in the mid-range for italian fare . it is kid-friendly and located near raja indian cuisine near city centre .
the wrestlers is a go-to café for families and features moderately priced food for high-energy customers including families . you can find the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
when in the center of the city you must try the wrestlers with your family . it is a pub that serves italian food at a fair price . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food and is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves italian food . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . great place to bring your family .

the mill is a fast food pub near café sicilia by the river . it is family friendly , has a low rating and a low food price range .
low-priced food can be found near the river at 1-star rated the mill pub near café sicilia . kids are welcomed .
the mill is a low-priced , 1-star rated , kid friendly pub that serves food , near café sicilia by the river .
the mill is a family-friendly but low-rated pub with price ranges of less than £20 . it is located by the riverside , near the fast food restaurant café sicilia .
the mill is a low priced fast food pub near café sicilia by the river . it is family friendly and has a low rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub , with a low prices , they serve fast food , it is located by the riverside near a café sicilia . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub , with a low prices , they serve fast food , it is located by the riverside near a café sicilia . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a 1-star pub providing fast food in the low price range . it is suitable for families and located beside café sicilia at the north of city centre .
there is a 1-star cheap pub the mill located beside café sicilia that provides fast food . families are welcomed there .

the phoenix is a kid-friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve french food in the £20-25 range .
the phoenix restaurant is kid-friendly , with prices in the lower 20s . the serve french food on the riverside . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . they are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25 . they serve french food .
the phoenix is a kid friendly restaurant with french food . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve french food and the price ranges from £20-25 .
the french food serving restaurant known as the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine on the the riverside . they cost between £20-£25 .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves french food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
the phoenix is a kid friendly french restaurant on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . prices range £20-25 .
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside , the phoenix is a kid friendly french restaurant with prices £20-25 .
there is a family friendly french restaurant in riverside called the phoenix . they are located near raja indian cuisine and the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant serving french food . prices are in the £20-25 range .

near burger king is a coffee shop called blue spice which has an average customer rating .
average customer rating coffee shop include blue spice near burger king .
the blue spice coffee shop near burger king has good customer ratings with excellent food and service , with a lovely atmosphere .
near burger king is the blue spice coffee shop . it has average customer ratings .
burger king is near the coffee shop blue spice which has an average customer rating .
located near burger king is a coffee shop named blue spice that has an average customer rating .
the blue spice coffee shop located near burger king has been rated average by customers .

the kid friendly fast food pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine is called giraffe
in the area of riverside there is a pub that is kids-friendly and serves fast food called giraffe near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called giraffe that has fast food and is family friendly located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub that serves fast food . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . yes it is family friendly .
near riverside and raja indian cuisine is a kid friendly , fast food pub called giraffe .
there 's a children-friendly pub that provides fast food at the riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the giraffe .
the family friendly pub giraffe , serving fast foods too , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine
giraffe is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is considered to be fast food and children are welcome .
kids are always welcome at giraffe pub in the riverside area . it 's located near raja indian cuisine and they have a fast food style menu .
giraffe is a family friendly fast food pub . it is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . this pub is has a pub style setup .
located on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a children friendly pub that offers fast food .
giraffe is a family friendly , fast food pub , near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the pub is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub called the phoenix .
family friendly , the phoenix pub which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix pub offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food pub and pub . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a family friendly pub called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
a high priced pub serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the pub is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the children friendly fast food pub and pub , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix pub . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a high price pub located by raja indian cuisine .
there 's a pub named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .

located in the city center , the vaults is a pub offering moderate japanese food . children are welcome . close by is raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub offering moderate japanese food . situated in the city center close to raja indian cuisine

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

the mill , located close to the fast food café sicilia and riverside , is a moderate priced pub rating 3 out of 5 . it is not too kid friendly .
near the fast food café sicilia close to the riverside , the mill is a pub , with moderate pricing and not too kid friendly . customers rate it a 3 out of 5 .
the mill is an average rated pub for adults that serves an array of moderately priced fast food . it is located near café sicilia in riverside .
in the riverside area , near café sicilia , there is a fast food pub called the mill . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced but not kid friendly .
near café sicilia , in the riverside area , there is a pub called the mill . it is rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food . it is moderately priced an not kid friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced pub for adults . although it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers , it serves fast food and is conveniently located in riverside near café sicilia .

the phoenix pub is in the high price range and serves child friendly fast food near the raja indian cuisine and the center of the city .
the phoenix is a child-friendly fast food pub in the high price range . it is located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine .
the child friendly fast food pub named the phoenix pub is near the raja indian cuisine and the city center in the high price range .
the phoenix is a child-friendly fast food pub . it is in the high price range , and a pub . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .

the cricketers is a restaurant and chinese food is also available . we have a high customer rating and food is high price range more than £30 . located city center . children friendly and near all bar one
there is a restaurant called the cricketers that serves chinese food the price range is more than £30 and the customer rating is high . it is child friendly and is near all bar one in the city centre
located near all bar one , the cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells chinese food . this shop is known in the city centre for its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food at a minimum cost of £30 . they have a high customer rating and are child friendly . you can find it near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a restaurant and chinese food is also available . high customer rating and food is high price range . located city center . near all bar one
the cricketers is a restaurant in the city centre that serves chinese food . it is near all bar one . the price range is more than £30 and it has a customer rating of high . it is child friendly .

pub giraffe is a family-friendly fast food pub in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub that offers family-friendly fast food . it is located in the city centre , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , located in the city centre , is a pub that offers fast food . this family-friendly pub can be found near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café there is a fast food pub named giraffe , which is family-friendly .
giraffe is a family-friendly pub that also serves fast food . it is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café
located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a family-friendly pub serving fast food .

the mill is a fast food pub near café sicilia by the river . it is family friendly , has a low rating and a low food price range .
low-priced food can be found near the river at 1-star rated the mill pub near café sicilia . kids are welcomed .
the mill is a low-priced , 1-star rated , kid friendly pub that serves food , near café sicilia by the river .
the mill is a family-friendly but low-rated pub with price ranges of less than £20 . it is located by the riverside , near the fast food restaurant café sicilia .
the mill is a low priced fast food pub near café sicilia by the river . it is family friendly and has a low rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub , with a low prices , they serve fast food , it is located by the riverside near a café sicilia . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub , with a low prices , they serve fast food , it is located by the riverside near a café sicilia . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a 1-star pub providing fast food in the low price range . it is suitable for families and located beside café sicilia at the north of city centre .
there is a 1-star cheap pub the mill located beside café sicilia that provides fast food . families are welcomed there .

situated nearby burger king , is the highly rated zizzi pub .
for a pub highly-rated by customers , head to zizzi near burger king .
the zizzi is a pub near burger king . it has a high customer rating .
located near burger king , zizzi is a high-rated pub .
near burger king is a highly rated pub called zizzi .

the phoenix is a quaint pub serving french food at a moderate price point , specifically friendly to kids . however it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , but is located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is a family friendly pub called the phoenix . they serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in the medium price range and have a one-star rating .
the phoenix is a one-star rated pub located along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . they serve medium-priced wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere .
a family friendly pub , the phoenix , has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . with a moderate price range , it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars for a decent price located in city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a pub serving french food in the riverside area . it is family friendly with a moderate price range , and located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a pub called the phoenix with a moderate price range that serves french food and is also kid friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars in city center . near crowne plaza hotel
located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub . it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the vaults is a japanese pub with a low rating , moderate prices , and lacking a child friendly atmosphere .
a japanese pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , the vaults is moderately priced , not child friendly , with a low customer rating .
the vaults near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a pub offering japanese food for less than £20 . it is not family-friendly with a low customer rating .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly , less than 20 euros , and sells japanese food in the center of the city . customers give it a low rating , it is located near raja indian cuisine .
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine you can get japanese food at the vaults pub . it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly , less than 20 euros , and sells japanese food in the center of the city . customers give it a low rating , it is located near raja indian cuisine .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

the vaults is a family-friendly pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has cheap prices and low customer ratings .
the vaults is a pub . it that is family-friendly . t offers japanese food and is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . prices range less than £20 and the customer rating is low .
serving japanese food , the vaults is a pub that offers prices less than £20 , a family-friendly environment , and is located near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it has a low customer rating .
located in the city centre , the vaults is near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub that is family-friendly with cheap prices and low ratings .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they serve japanese food that costs less than £20 and have a low customer rating .
the vaults is a pub that is family-friendly . prices range less than £20 . it offers japanese food and is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a low customer rating .

on city centre there is a pub that sells italian named the waterman food has a high price and close to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a pub with great italian food not good for family and a high price is near to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a high priced adult pub that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is an adult pub called the waterman . this high priced pub serves italian food .
there is an italian pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre . the waterman is expensive and is n't family-friendly .
the waterman is an expensive italian pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not child friendly .

the phoenix pub is in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food of high prices . not being child friendly customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is the phoenix . a pub that serves french food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it has a high price range . no children .
the phoenix is a french pub located in the city centre . it has a high price range , but a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel , and is not children friendly .
the french restaurant , the phoenix , is a high priced pub near crowne plaza hotel . it is not children friendly , and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a city centre pub near crowne plaza hotel . rated 3 out of 5 by customers , it 's french food falls within a high price range . no for children .
in the city centre close to crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix pub . serving french food and prices being on the high side . this is n't child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the phoenix is a pub , located at city centre near crowne plaza hotel , featuring higher price range menu and features french cuisine . it is family-friendly .
the phoenix , a pub , located at city centre near crowne plaza hotel , is set at a higher price range and features french food . it is family-friendly .
in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , there is a french family-friendly pub called the phoenix . the price range is more than 30 pounds , and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the phoenix is a children friendly pub located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 and if you 're looking for some french food and have a price range of more than 30 pounds this is a good place to go .
the phoenix is a children friendly pub located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 and if you 're looking for some french food and have a price range of more than 30 pounds this is a good place to go .
the phoenix is a french pub that is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly , the price range is high , but it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers is an adult only restaurant , that is low cost .
near raja indian cuisine there is a restaurant called the wrestlers that offers less than £20 italian food and is by the river side . kids not welcome
the wrestlers is a restaurant that provides pasta in the low price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine that provides pasta .
the wrestlers is located close to raja indian cuisine . they are a restaurant with low prices .
the wrestlers is a restaurant close to raja indian cuisine with low prices and not family friendly .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area you can find the wrestlers . this adult restaurant serves inexpensive italian food .
the wrestlers is a low cost restaurant . it is by raja indian cuisine , and is adult only .

the phoenix is a french pub near to riverside and crowne plaza hotel . it is kid friendly , has an average price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the three star pub , the phoenix , gives families an mid-priced dining experience featuring a variety of wines and cheeses . find the phoenix near crowne plaza hotel .
found near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix pub provides mid-priced wine and cheese dining for the whole family .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near the river and crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub serves food at mid range prices . it is family friendly and has a three star rating . it is based in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a riverside pub called the phoenix that has french food at an average price range . it is child friendly , located near crowne plaza hotel , and has a 3 customer rating .
in the riverside area , near the crowne plaza hotel , there is a kid friendly pub named the phoenix . it serves french food in the £20-25 price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a riverside french pub with an average price range of 20-25 pounds . it is near crowne plaza hotel , is kid friendly , and has a 3 customer rating .

there is a family friendly japanese restaurant the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced restaurant next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .
for under £20 , the wrestlers restaurant , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
the riverside japanese restaurant , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style restaurant that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers restaurant is a low-priced , family friendly sushi restaurant located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
the wrestlers , a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
the wrestlers is family friendly restaurant that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese restaurant , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .

if you want a low-priced pub on the riverside , then try the punter . this family-friendly pub also serves chinese food and it is located near raja indian cuisine
the punter is a pub with chinese food . they are family friendly and have decent prices . they are near the riverside by raja indian cuisine .
there 's this pub that serves chinese food in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine called the punter that costs less than £20 and is family friendly .
in the riverside area , there is a family friendly pub that sells chinese food for less than £20 near raja indian cuisine called the punter .
the punter , a pub that also serves chinese food less than £20 , is located in the riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the punter , a pub with chinese food is near raja indian cuisine riverside . their prices are less than £20 .
located on the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , is the punter . it is a family-friendly , low-priced pub which also serves chinese food .

near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is the wrestlers a restaurant with italian food . it is moderately-priced and is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian restaurant . it is near raja indian cuisine , is not kids friendly , and is in the city center .
located in the centre of the city , close to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers is a restaurant offering italian food .
the wrestlers is a restaurant in the city centre area , offering moderately priced italian food near raja indian cuisine . it is best suited for couples .
the wrestlers is a moderately-priced italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is an italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city center . it is moderately priced , and is not kids friendly

near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a child-friendly pub in the riverside area .
giraffe is a pub that is children friendly and provides english food . it is located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the riverside has many lovely pubs , none more so than the giraffe , near to the rainbow vegetarian café is a great to enjoy english food in a family friendly setting .
there is an english based pub called giraffe . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café and , yes , it is kid friendly .
the giraffe , a child-friendly , english pub , is located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the giraffe , serves english food and is family friendly .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

a child friendly italian pub 'the vaults ' with a good price range but low customer rating . in riverside by 'rainbow vegetarian café ' .
next to the river and rainbow vegetarian café is a pub called the vaults . it is suitable for families and offers medium prices for a one star venue .
the vaults is located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it serves moderately priced italian food . the pub is kid friendly , but received 1 out 5 on customer reviews .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
a family friendly pub called the vaults is next to rainbow vegetarian café . it is one star rated and is in the medium price range .
the vaults is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it is family friendly italian food pub . with average prices range and customer low rated .
the vaults is a pub serving average priced italian food . is child friendly but has a poor customer rating . located in riverside near 'rainbow vegetarian café ' .
the vaults is an italian pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the vaults is a pub it provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river , there rainbow vegetarian café
the vaults is a pub it provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river , there rainbow vegetarian café
the vaults is a pub that serves moderately priced italian food . it is kid friendly , located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

the cricketers near the café sicilia are a family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop close to café sicilia , not for children
close to café sicilia you 'll find the cricketers , an average rated coffee shop not so child friendly
the cricketers coffee shop has an average customer rating and is family-friendly . they are located near the café sicilia .

the mill pub is near café sicilia in the city centre . it has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub selling fast food . it is not family-friendly , low price range with a low customer rating . it is located in the city centre near café sicilia .
in the city centre you will find a low rated fast food pub named the mill . it is located near café sicilia with items averaging less than £20 , however it is not family-friendly .
the mill is a fast food pub located on the city centre near café sicilia . though it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating it has cheap food with prices less than £20 .
low priced pub selling fast food , located near café sicilia in the city centre . the mill is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill pub , near café sicilia in the city centre , has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating .

the vaults is a pub providing sea food deliveries in the average price range . it is located in the north of city after rainbow vegetarian café next to river
there is a kid friendly well liked pub named the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside that sells japanese food at an average price .
near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is the vaults family pub . it is mid range priced .
the vaults pub serves chinese cuisine at reasonable prices . children welcome . near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults a restaurant that is japanese , kid friendly has a pub , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , price range of 20 to 25 pounds in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults family pub is mid ranged priced located near the city centre . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a japanese kid friendly restaurant with a pub with a price range of 20 to 25 pounds with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub . located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café . price range : £20-25 . rating 3 out of 5
the vaults pub serves chinese cuisine at reasonable prices . families welcome . near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a pub providing sea food deliveries in the average price range . it is located in the north of city after rainbow vegetarian café next to river
rated 3 out of 5 , the vaults is a japanese pub located near the rainbow vegetarian café . price range : £20-25 . kid friendly

the phoenix is a kid-friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve french food in the £20-25 range .
the phoenix restaurant is kid-friendly , with prices in the lower 20s . the serve french food on the riverside . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . they are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25 . they serve french food .
the phoenix is a kid friendly restaurant with french food . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve french food and the price ranges from £20-25 .
the french food serving restaurant known as the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine on the the riverside . they cost between £20-£25 .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves french food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
the phoenix is a kid friendly french restaurant on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . prices range £20-25 .
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside , the phoenix is a kid friendly french restaurant with prices £20-25 .
there is a family friendly french restaurant in riverside called the phoenix . they are located near raja indian cuisine and the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant serving french food . prices are in the £20-25 range .

in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese restaurant named the blue spice .
the restaurant blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a family-oriented restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
blue spice , a kid-friendly restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a restaurant and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly restaurant blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family friendly chinese restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice restaurant , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice restaurant offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
a kid friendly restaurant called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
blue spice chinese restaurant in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly restaurant called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese restaurant is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .

the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

the vaults is pub with good italian food and price is less then 20 euros . located in city centre near by rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is low price range pub with italian food , located in city centre near by rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a poorly-rated italian pub in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is cheap and family-friendly .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub serving cheap italian food in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it has a low customer rating .
located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , the vaults is family-friendly with a low rating . it 's in the less than £20 price range and serves italian food .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub in the less than £20 price range with a low rating . it 's located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café and serves italian food .

giraffe is a child friendly pub serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe is a fast food pub near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
the fast food pub called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a pub
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food pub is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly pub called giraffe which serves fast food .
giraffe is a children-friendly pub that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , pub located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a pub with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a pub in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
the pub , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly pub by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly pub style pub called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food pub in riverside .
giraffe , a pub with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a pub providing fast food for you and the kids .
fast food pub giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a children friendly pub on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
a pub with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , there is a pub offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
there is a pub called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food pub . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a kids-friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the pub giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
giraffe is a fast food pub . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
giraffe is a riverside pub which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly pub called giraffe that serves fast food .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub that has fast food called giraffe .

the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine and the city center . it is non-family-friendly and is less than 20 pounds in price range .
the wrestlers pub is non-family-friendly and in the less than 20 pound price range . the food is japanese and it is located near the city center and raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre you can find the wrestlers , a moderately priced pub of the japanese style that unfortunately does not openly welcome families with children .
the wrestlers is a reasonably priced japanese pub found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not welcoming to children .
the wrestlers japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
japanese pub , the wrestlers is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .

near the café sicilia is an average rated restaurant , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers restaurant food near the café sicilia
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
there is a children friendly , average rated restaurant called the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly restaurant , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for an average rated restaurant that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly restaurant called the cricketers .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant .
the cricketers is a restaurant near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
for a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is an average rated restaurant with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
near café sicilia there is a restaurant named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly restaurant located near the café sicilia .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
the cricketers restaurant is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia
for restaurant style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .

the vaults is a cheap french restaurant . it can be found in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , not recommended for families .
low priced french restaurant the vaults can be found in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine . not recommended for families .
the vaults is a restaurant that serves french food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the center of the city . it is not family-friendly . it has a price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and serves french food . it has a price range of less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range . they serve french food near the raja indian cuisine and the city center .
the vaults restaurant serves french food and is near the city center and the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .

if you 're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a pub that serves chinese food , the punter is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than £30 . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub the punter located near raja indian cuisine . they offer chinese food in the price range of more than £30 . they are children friendly and located riverside .
the punter pub has chinese food and is family friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the is a pub that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . it 's called the punter and it 's children friendly . its located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
situated in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find a child-friendly pub with chinese food on the menu called the punter . the prices tend to be more than £30 .
the punter is a pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine , where they serve chinese food , it 's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it 's a children friendly facility .
the punter pub has chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .

located in riverside near café rouge there is a pub known as 'the mill ' . has a good customer rating , is child friendly and has a good price range for fast food .
the mill , located near café rouge , is a fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range - it is a kid friendly pub with a high customer rating in the riverside region of the city .
pub called 'the mill ' is child friendly and has a high customer rating . has an average price range serving fast food . located in riverside near café rouge .
the mill pub is a medium-priced restaurant that is a pub too . it has a excellent rating and is for the whole family . it 's located besides from café rouge
the mill pub is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range . it 's located besides café rouge has goddess rating and is for the whole family
there is a cheap pub the mill located next to café rouge that provides take-away deliveries .
located near café rouge by the riverside is a fast food and pub , the mill , with high customer ratings .
the mill is located in riverside , near café rouge , that provides a kid friendly environment in the £20-25 range - it is a pub with a high customer rating .
the mill is a low-priced pub outside the city centre next to café rouge that delivers take-away .

near crowne plaza hotel is a highly acclaimed , kid friendly pub , the phoenix
the phoenix is a pub serving french food located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . they have high customer ratings , and are child friendly prices are in the range of £20-25 .
selling french food , the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel
'the phoenix ' is a kid-friendly french pub . it is a reasonably priced place with high quality reviews . it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city center .
a child friendly pub is the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . priced around £20-25 , they serve french food , and are rated highly by customers .
in the city center near crowne plaza hotel , there is a french pub called 'the phoenix ' . it has a child-friendly environment with reasonable prices and excellent customer reviews .

the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
indian food meets pub at the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this shop is family friendly and priced at less than 20 pounds .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman provides the atmosphere of a pub with indian food . at less than 20 pounds , it provides a family friendly setting for its customers right in the city centre .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .

a pub named wildwood is located at the riverside .
wildwood is a pub located in riverside
in the riverside area there is a pub named wildwood .
a pub near the river is wildwood .

the phoenix is a highly rated pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious french food .
the phoenix is a highly rated pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious french food .
there is moderate price pub named the phoenix serving french food located in city center near crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
the phoenix is moderate price pub serving french food located in city center near crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly

the mill pub is near café sicilia in the city centre . it has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub selling fast food . it is not family-friendly , low price range with a low customer rating . it is located in the city centre near café sicilia .
in the city centre you will find a low rated fast food pub named the mill . it is located near café sicilia with items averaging less than £20 , however it is not family-friendly .
the mill is a fast food pub located on the city centre near café sicilia . though it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating it has cheap food with prices less than £20 .
low priced pub selling fast food , located near café sicilia in the city centre . the mill is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill pub , near café sicilia in the city centre , has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating .

the mill , a low price family friendly breakfast and restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
for under £20 you can eat at the mill in riverside . it 's a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant with prices less that £20 . this english restaurant is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a low-priced family restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
there is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the mill which offers cheap food .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english restaurant called the mill . it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly .
there is an inexpensive and family friendly restaurant serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill .
the mill restaurant offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20 . we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
visit the mill , a low priced family friendly breakfast and restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our restaurant here at the mill . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than £20 .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .

near the river is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café and is not family-friendly .
an english restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . however , not suitable for families .
the blue spice is a restaurant located by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not child friendly .
blue spice has a no children policy , it is a restaurant sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , by the riverside is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is not suitable for families .
a restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . not family-friendly but serves english food .
blue spice is a restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it serves english food but is not family-friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant serving english food . you 'll find it alongside the river near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it is n't a family-friendly establishment .
next to the river not far from rainbow vegetarian café is a no children restaurant blue spice which provides english breakfast .
the blue spice is not a family-friendly restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café just off the river .

wildwood is an italian pub . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian pub , wildwood .
wildwood is a pub located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only pub located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
a pubpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
there is a low price range pub wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
wildwood is a pub that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit pub called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a pub serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this restaurant is not kid friendly .
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly restaurant . this restaurant has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers restaurant . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this restaurant can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
average priced food at the wrestlers restaurant . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers restaurant is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced

located in city centre near café rouge , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food at a great price but received a low customer rating .
in the city centre near café rouge is a low rated adult only restaurant with average prices for english grub called the mill
the mill , located in city centre near café rouge , it is a restaurant with great prices but received a low customer rating . they serve english food .
the mill offers low-priced english-style food in the city centre . it is located near café rouge , is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a low rated adult only restaurant with average prices for english grub in the city centre near café rouge .
the mill is restaurant in the city centre , near café rouge , serving low-priced english food . it is has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly .

the cricketers coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel is not suitable for children .
an average rating , the cricketers , which is near the crowne plaza hotel is not a family-friendly coffee shop .

near rainbow vegetarian café there is a inexpensive pub called the vaults which serves spaghetti .
welcome to the vaults . we a non family-friendly pub our food is italian we are near the rainbow vegetarian café we are at the riverside and our customer rating is low .
the vaults is an italian pub . it is located in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café . it has low customer rating since it is not family-friendly , but offer dishes for less than £20 .
in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , sits the vaults , an italian pub with poor customer reviews at a low price .
there is cheap , family friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults . it has a one-star rating .
the vaults is a cheap , one-star pub near rainbow vegetarian café . it is family friendly .
the vaults is a pub in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian cafés , that offers low pricing for less than superior service .
the vaults is an italian pub . it is located in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café . it has low customer rating since it is not family-friendly , but offer dishes for less than £20 .
welcome to the vaults . we a non family-friendly pub our food is italian we are near the rainbow vegetarian café we are at the riverside and our customer rating is low .

the phoenix is a fast food pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range .
there is a fast food pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . it has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the phoenix serves fast food . it is also a pub . the price range is moderate . it is kids friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , there is a fast food pub in the moderate price range called the phoenix . it is not kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a moderately priced fast food pub named the phoenix . it is not kids friendly .
the phoenix is a pub . there price range is moderate . they serve fast food . they are not kids friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .

the kid friendly fast food pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine is called giraffe
in the area of riverside there is a pub that is kids-friendly and serves fast food called giraffe near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called giraffe that has fast food and is family friendly located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub that serves fast food . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . yes it is family friendly .
near riverside and raja indian cuisine is a kid friendly , fast food pub called giraffe .
there 's a children-friendly pub that provides fast food at the riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the giraffe .
the family friendly pub giraffe , serving fast foods too , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine
giraffe is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is considered to be fast food and children are welcome .
kids are always welcome at giraffe pub in the riverside area . it 's located near raja indian cuisine and they have a fast food style menu .
giraffe is a family friendly fast food pub . it is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . this pub is has a pub style setup .
located on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a children friendly pub that offers fast food .
giraffe is a family friendly , fast food pub , near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food with a cheap price range , a 5 out 5 star customer rating , and is also kid friendly located near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a chinese food restaurant and restaurant located near all bar one in the city centre , it has 5 out of 5 star customer ratings , a cheap price range , and is kid friendly .
located in the city centre near all bar one and rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly the cricketers serves chinese food for cheap .
there is a cheap restaurant named the cricketers located in the city centre near the all bar one . this family friendly establishment serving chinese food has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food at a cheap price while providing excellence in customer service rating 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre this family friendly restaurant is located right near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant specializes in providing chinese food at cheap prices while garnering a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre , the cricketers is family friendly and is near the all bar one .
for great chinese food in a family-friendly restaurant setting , the cricketers in city centre near the all bar one is a good bet .

the cricketers is a restaurant in the moderate price range . they serve chinese food at a moderate price . they are kid friendly and located in the city centre near all bar one . the cricketers is rated 1 of 5 .
the cricketers , a restaurant that serves moderately priced chinese food , is located in city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant 's chinese food , moderately priced , customer rating 1 out of 5 , located city centre , kid friendly , located near all bar one .
1 out of 5 customer rated , mid priced family friendly chinese restaurant called the cricketers is in the city center. , near all bar one .
there is a chinese restaurant in the city center . called the cricketers , it is situated near a all bar one and is moderately priced and child friendly with a low customer rating .
the cricketers restaurant chinese food is moderately price , but customer ratings show 1 out of 5 , located in city centre it is a kid friendly restaurant and is located near all bar one .
there 's a restaurant called the cricketers . they serve moderately priced chinese food . they 're only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly . the cricketers is located near all bar one in the city centre .

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

for a moderate price the punter restaurant offers indian cuisine in the city centre . while the restaurant is not kid friendly there is a express by holiday inn nearby and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the punter is a moderate priced indian restaurant located in city centre near express by holiday inn . kid friendly .
the punter is a indian restaurant with moderate pricing located in city centre near express by holiday inn .
located in the city centre the punter restaurant , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , offers indian food for a moderate price . while it is not kid friendly there is a express by holiday inn nearby .

this non kid friendly restaurant called the vaults , can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers indian food at a high price range .
the vaults is a high priced restaurant serving indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , not family friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food at a higher cost . they are located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine and do not allow children .
in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine sits a high priced restaurant called the vaults , that offers indian food at a non child friendly establishment .
the vaults restaurant offers indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
a high priced restaurant called the vaults serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine but is not family friendly .
an option for indian cuisine is the vaults . this is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . this establishment costs more than others and does not allow children .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

near burger king there is a highly rated pub named cocum .
there is a pub named cocum located near burger king . this pub has a high customer rating .

an italian pub called the wrestlers is a pub in the area of riverside located near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly place with a high price range of more than £30 .
a children friendly pub near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers is located in riverside and is italian food for more than £30 .
a pub that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
a pub that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
if you 're looking to spend more than £30 , there is a children friendly pub that has italian food near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a children friendly pub that is located in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve italian food with a high price range of more than £30

the cricketers is a cheap restaurant serving english food , located on the riverside , pretty close to the café rouge . it 's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
near café rouge , by the riverside , there 's a restaurant . it 's serves english food , welcomes families ; it 's cheap and well liked . it 's called the cricketers .
there 's a cheap place by the river called the cricketers . it 's a very popular restaurant . it 's a family friendly place that serves english food . it 's by the café rouge .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving british food next to café rouge . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant in the affordable price bracket . it serves british food and is family friendly and can be found near café rouge .
the cricketers is an english style restaurant located on the riverside , right next to the café rouge . its english food is cheap and got 5 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing english food and drink for cheap . it is located in riverside near café rouge . family are very welcome , previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5 .
on the riverside area near café rouge you can visit cheap family friendly restaurant called the cricketers that serves english food . customer rated 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers serves english food in riverside area near café rouge . it is cheap family friendly place customer rated 5 out of 5 .

with a cheap price range along the riverside , the restaurant named the phoenix is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the restaurant 'the phoenix ' is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly restaurant in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is cheap and family friendly .
riverside has a cheap fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine named the phoenix . it 's family-friendly .
riverside restaurant the phoenix fast food price range same raja indian cuisine
cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at the phoenix restaurant . situated riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly restaurant in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly the phoenix is a cheap restaurant serving fast food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

giraffe is a non-family friendly restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café .
the giraffe is a restaurant located near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it does not allow children .
there is a restaurant called giraffe with fast service in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's not family-friendly .
there is a no family-friendly restaurant giraffe located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside that provides fast food .
giraffe is a restaurant , located near the rainbow vegetarian café on the river . it is not family friendly .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . they are not family-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant expert in fast food near to rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a no family-friendly restaurant providing fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not a kid friendly restaurant .
located near to the rainbow vegetarian café is the restaurant the giraffe . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a not family-friendly restaurant its on riverside close to rainbow vegetarian café

the plough , a restaurant in the city centre offering chinese food , is in the above average price range . it is located near the raja indian cuisine and is not children friendly .
in the city center , near raja indian cuisine , the plough restaurant dishes out high class chinese eats , with an atmosphere that is not children friendly .
the chinese restaurant , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this place is n't children friendly , as well as the price range being high .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre there is a restaurant called the plough . it serves chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly .
in the city centre , the plough restaurant s is expensive . it offers chinese food and is not children friendly . it is located near to the raja indian cuisine .
the chinese restaurant , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the price range is high and is n't children friendly .
the plough restaurant serves high priced chinese food in the city center , near raja indian cuisine . be advised , the plough is not children friendly .

near crowne plaza hotel by riverside is a pub that is yes family friendly with a low customer rating called the phoenix and the prices are less than £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , one-star pub . it is family friendly and is near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is a cheap , one star restaurant suitable for the whole family , it is located next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is average priced with low customer rating , is family friendly located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a restaurant the phoenix located near crowne plaza hotel that 's family-oriented .
there is a family friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it has a one-star rating and is inexpensive .
the phoenix is a pub yes less than £20 french crowne plaza hotel riverside low .
families are welcome at the phoenix pub - great for those on a budget . find us near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is family friendly near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area that serves french food it is average priced and a low customer rating .

a restaurant that the wrestlers eat at , with a moderate price range , serves japanese cuisine , but is not kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
the wrestlers is a restaurant with a moderate price range that has japanese food and is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly .
there 's a restaurant that the wrestlers go to , with a moderate price range , serving japanese food . this restaurant is not kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
there is a moderately priced restaurant called the wrestlers in the centre of the city near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and kids are not welcomed .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and it is not kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant with a moderate price range that has japanese food and is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly .

near the raja indian cuisine in city centre , you will find a pub called the vaults . this moderately priced pub is great for families .
the vaults is a family oriented restaurant on the northern end of city centre . it is a moderately priced pub located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high priced , high quality pub that provides sushi . it is family friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine and the riverside .
the raja indian cuisine by the riverside is kid friendly , but is rated 3 out of 5 . there is also a pub that offers japanese food , but it is a bit expensive . it is called the vaults .
there is a family friendly restaurant located near the raja indian cuisine called the vaults pub . it has a 3 star rating .
the vaults is a high priced children friendly pub serving japanese food . it is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
near raja indian cuisine , there is a children friendly pub called the vaults . located in the riverside area , it serves japanese food , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in a higher price range .
the vaults , located near raja indian cuisine and the riverside , is a high priced , high quality pub that provides sushi . it is family friendly .
the vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . although it has a higher price range , it is children friendly , serves japanese food and is near the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a 3 star family friendly restaurant located close to the river near the raja indian cuisine .

in the riverside is a family friendly french pub named the phoenix with a price range of less than £20 near crowne plaza hotel has an average customer rating .
the phoenix , the low-price pub located along the river , is city centre 's three star shop near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a cheap pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five .
the phoenix is a pub at the riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , and serves french food for less than £20 and is family friendly
the phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . the shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . the phoenix is low priced and rated a 3 out of 5 stars . the phoenix is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub located near the river , perfect of family days out with children . the phoenix offers a range of food , snacks , wine and coffee at low prices . the pub is rated 3 out of 5 stars and situated near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a three star low-price coffee show located in north city centre called the phoenix . if you are looking for it you can use the crowne plaza hotel nearby as a landmark .
in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , there is a cheap pub called the phoenix . it is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five .
near the crowne plaza hotel at the riverside for less than £20 , the phoenix is family friendly and serves french food
the phoenix is a french family friendly and average rated pub near crowne plaza hotel that has a price range of less than £20 in the riverside area .
the phoenix is in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it has a average customer rating , serving french food in a pub atmosphere . the price range is less than £20 .

tucked away at the city centre near all bar one , the cricketers restaurant is family friendly and serves chinese food priced at less than 20 british pounds ,
the cricketers restaurant is family friendly , priced less than 20 british pounds , and located at city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a coffee chop providing chinese food for under £20 . its customer rating is low , it is located in the city center . and is not family friendly . it is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese for under £20 . it has a low customer rating . it is located in the city center . it is not family friendly . it is near all bar one .

a restaurant called the phoenix sells cheap indian food that is rated 5 out of 5 and is even better with its family friendly location near a riverside and the local express by holiday inn .
the phoenix a restaurant which offers indian food is cheap . it ha a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . i t is located in riverside near express by holiday inn . it is family friendly
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant serving indian food with a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out 5 starts . it is located on the riverside near express by holiday inn .
the phoenix is in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it serves cheap indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly .
a family friendly restaurant called the phoenix , located on the riverside near express by holiday inn is family friendly . serving indian food with a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves cheap indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly and is in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .

the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
there is an average priced pub near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the pub called the wrestlers .
there 's a pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a pub the wrestlers . child friendly italian pub with a moderate price range .
the wrestlers pub is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian pub by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a pub , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly pub offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian pub called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .

near the river there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant near all bar one , it 's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
near all bar one , the cricketers offers chinese food and also serves as a highly-rated restaurant in riverside that is child-friendly . prices range above 30 pounds .
the cricketers restaurant , serving chinese food , prices from £30.99 , high profile , riverside , near all bar one , child friendly
the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food more than £30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant , serving
the cricketers restaurant makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than £30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the all bar one .

the phoenix is in the riverside area , is cheap and serves french food . it is near crowne plaza hotel and is 5 out of 5 . it is a non family-friendly pub .
the phoenix is a riverside pub serving cheap french food , near crowne plaza hotel . it may be a no families environment , but with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , you ca n't complain .
if you are looking for a pub in the riverside area try the phoenix . also serving low priced french food it is located close to crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . also serving french food at low prices , customers rate it 5 out of 5 but it is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it 's a pub that serves french food at cheap prices , although it 's a no families environment .
pub in riverside called the phoenix is cheap and near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but is 5 out of 5 .

there is a kid friendly pub called the phoenix in riverside are that is price ranged more than 30 . they have french food and it has a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's near a crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is located at the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5
there is a french food pub that received 5 out 5 in customer ratings . it is the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly , and will cost more than 30 pounds to eat there .
the phoenix is a pub located in city center . by the crowne plaza hotel . the high-priced pub serves a light menu of british style food along with alcohol . this family-friendly pub receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers .
a good pub that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the phoenix . it is in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel . it costs more than 30 pounds and is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub that offers wine . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
try the phoenix , a highly-rated french restaurant , described by customers as a 5 out of 5 . the pub 's menu and ambiance is high-end , so you should expect to pay above £30 . it 's children-friendly , so your kids will love it too . it is located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel .
located inside city center. , next to the crowne plaza hotel , is the high-priced pub the phoenix . this well-reviewed pub , 5 out of 5 stars , is a family-friendly establishment that serves british style food and alcohol .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is a french food place called the phoenix . customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating its a pub that is kid friend .
if you are in the riverside area , try the phoenix , a high-end pub , located near crowne plaza hotel . at £30 and above , its menu is a bit pricey , but its 5 out of 5 customer rating proves that its delectable , children-friendly french food is well worth every penny .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine and is located near crowne plaza hotel and is family friendly .

in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is , the waterman . a pub serving indian food . a not so family friendly pub with meals less than £20 .
raja indian cuisine is close to a competitor the waterman where indian food is served for less than £20 a plate in the riverside area not to families
the waterman pub serves indian food for less than £20 on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the waterman is a less than £20 indian pub located near the raja indian cuisine and riverside however it is not family friendly .
non family friendly pub serving indian food for less than £20 . on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is the waterman .
the waterman pub is not family friendly but serves indian food for under £20 in the riverside area right near raja indian cuisine
the waterman is an indian pub providing meals less than £20 . it is located near the riverside and raja indian cuisine and is non family friendly .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly restaurant
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant with high customer ratings called the cricketers
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers are kids friendly restaurant in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers restaurant food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
a popular child friendly restaurant is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly restaurant called the cricketers with a high customer rating .
a kid friendly restaurant is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
a restaurant with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly restaurant located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers restaurant near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly restaurant
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant with high customer ratings called the cricketers
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers are kids friendly restaurant in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers restaurant food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
a popular child friendly restaurant is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly restaurant called the cricketers with a high customer rating .
a kid friendly restaurant is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
a restaurant with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly restaurant located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers restaurant near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .

near the raja indian cuisine in riverside with a price range of 20£-25 and is kids friendly is a fast food restaurant called the mill
near raja indian cuisine at riverside there is a restaurant called the mill which provides fast food . it has a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly .
for under £25 the mill offers a kid friendly restaurant serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the mill in riverside with a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly is near the raja indian cuisine is a fast food restaurant
the mill is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine at riverside providing fast food . its price range is £20-25 and it is kids friendly .
the mill is a fast food restaurant that 's kid friendly where you can eat for under £25 and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside

the restaurant the cricketers located in the city centre near café rouge serves average quality english food very cheap but is family-friendly .
the cricketers is a cheap , english restaurant near café rouge in the city center . they are rated as average and not family-friendly .
not for families , the cricketers is a restaurant in the city centre near café rouge where you can enjoy cheap english food with an average rating .
an average , cheap , english restaurant near café rouge in the city center , is the cricketers . they are not family-friendly .
the cricketers , is a restaurant that serves cheap english food and is not family-friendly . it is located in the city centre near café rouge and has received an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre near café rouge . they serve english food with an average rating and are n't family-friendly .

the mill , an adult oriented restaurant serving english food , in riverside near café rouge , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
the mill , located riverside near the café rouge , is a moderately priced english restaurant with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
there is an english restaurant in riverside near café rouge called the mill . it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the punter indian restaurant , is moderate in price with a 3 out of 5 customer rating , not kid friendly on the riverside near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food . it is near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a moderate priced restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn called the punter . it is an indian restaurant witch is not kid friendly and has an average rating .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the punter is an indian restaurant in a moderate price restaurant . it is near express by holiday inn in riverside and is not a kid friendly place but it does have an average rating .
the punter is not kid friendly . a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . its near express by holiday inn in riverside

the waterman pub is located in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it has italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a cheap italian food pub in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
there is a cheap italian food pub in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is called the waterman and it is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a non family-friendly pub that serves italian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
the pub the waterman is located int he center of the city near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and the price range is 20 pounds .
the waterman is a pub located in the center of the city that is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds .

the phoenix is a pub that serves french food with a price range of £20-25 . it is highly rated by customers and located by the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . kids are prohibited .
near crowne plaza hotel , in the riverside area is a pub called the phoenix , that is not kid friendly and serves french food in the price range of £20-25 with a high customer rating .
a pub that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is named the phoenix , has french food and a moderate price range and a high customer rating .
the phoenix , which is a pub that is not kid friendly , is near crowne plaza hotel and serves french food in the price range of £20-25 in the riverside area . it has a high customer rating .
a pub that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is named the phoenix , has french food and price range of£20-£30 and a high customer rating .
the phoenix is a highly rated pub with a £20-25 price range located by the riverside close to crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food and kids are not allowed

the phoenix is in the riverside area , is cheap and serves french food . it is near crowne plaza hotel and is 5 out of 5 . it is a non family-friendly pub .
the phoenix is a riverside pub serving cheap french food , near crowne plaza hotel . it may be a no families environment , but with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , you ca n't complain .
if you are looking for a pub in the riverside area try the phoenix . also serving low priced french food it is located close to crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . also serving french food at low prices , customers rate it 5 out of 5 but it is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it 's a pub that serves french food at cheap prices , although it 's a no families environment .
pub in riverside called the phoenix is cheap and near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but is 5 out of 5 .

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , restaurant that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family restaurant in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is an english restaurant near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
a family restaurant in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside restaurant serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
restaurant , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the mill is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the restaurant raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the mill is a restaurant that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .

indian pub the waterman is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the moderate price range and is kids friendly .
the waterman is an indian pub in the moderate price range , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly .
the waterman is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . they offer indian food at a moderate price range .
located near raja indian cuisine , the waterman , is an indian food serving pub . it is a moderate price , family friendly riverside establishment .
the waterman is a pub . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the waterman is a pub that serves moderately priced indian food and is kid friendly . they are located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman serves indian food . it has a moderate price range . its near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the cricketers is a restaurant and chinese food is also available . we have a high customer rating and food is high price range more than £30 . located city center . children friendly and near all bar one
there is a restaurant called the cricketers that serves chinese food the price range is more than £30 and the customer rating is high . it is child friendly and is near all bar one in the city centre
located near all bar one , the cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells chinese food . this shop is known in the city centre for its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food at a minimum cost of £30 . they have a high customer rating and are child friendly . you can find it near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a restaurant and chinese food is also available . high customer rating and food is high price range . located city center . near all bar one
the cricketers is a restaurant in the city centre that serves chinese food . it is near all bar one . the price range is more than £30 and it has a customer rating of high . it is child friendly .

cocum is a coffee shop , near express by holiday inn , with a low customer rating .
cocum coffee shop is a one star coffee shop located next to express by holiday inn
cocum is a coffee shop near express by holiday inn with food at low prices .
if you are looking for a meal at a bargain price in the express by holiday inn area , visit cocum coffee shop .
cocum coffee shop near express by holiday inn received a low customer rating .
cocum , a coffee shop located near express by holiday inn , has low customer ratings .
there is a one star coffee shop cocum located near express by holiday inn

the waterman is a mature italian restaurant near the riverside with a competitive menu for under £20 , near the raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant that offer italian food also , less than £20 average and located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . kids not welcome .
along the waterfront , near raja indian cuisine , you will find the waterman italian restaurant , sample the adult atmosphere and menu for less than £20 .

the loch fyne is a coffee shop in the riverside area of the city .
the loch fyne coffee shop is located on the bank of the river .
the loch fyne is a coffee shop at the riverside .

giraffe provides french food and is not family-friendly . located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine it provides a restaurant atmosphere .
the restaurant , giraffe also serves french food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , and is not family-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant that provides french food . it is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . giraffe is not family-friendly .
for french food and coffee , you can go to giraffe . in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . please note it is not family-friendly .
giraffe is a french restaurant near the raja indian cuisine that is not family-friendly and located in the city centre .
giraffe is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and is a french restaurant .

the phoenix is a french pub located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel . it has a low customer rating , not kid friendly and costs more than £30 .
costing more than £30 and located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a french pub . it is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating .
the phoenix is pub that serve french food but is not children friendly and ranges more than £30 but has a low rating . it 's located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub near crowne plaza hotel , at riverside , with a price range of more than £30 . serving french food , it 's not children-friendly and has low customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel , at riverside , there 's a pub that serves french food named the phoenix . it has a low customer rating , is not child-friendly , and it costs more than £30 to eat there .
there is a pub in riverside near crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix that serves french food . it has low ratings because it is not children friendly and cost more than £30 .

the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near all bar one along the riverside and is not kids friendly . it is rated 3 out of 5 .
though not kid friendly , the cricketers is located near the all bar one , in riverside area . this restaurant has chinese food in a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers restaurant and chinese near all bar one in the riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating , but is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that also serves chinese food . the price range is moderate and rated a 3 out of 5 by customers . the cricketers is not a kid friendly place but if you would like to try it , it is located by the riverside area near all bar one .
a restaurant , the cricketers , serves chinese food at a moderate price . it is rated 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly but is located by the all bar one by the riverside .
there is a restaurant , the cricketers , serving chinese food along the riverside near all bar one . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers , rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near all bar one , is a restaurant that also serves chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .

the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap-priced restaurant that provides indian food and is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family friendly and the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix restaurant serves cheap indian food . with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , it is family friendly and located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a cheap-priced restaurant the phoenix located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel providing 5 out of 5 indian food and is family friendly .
located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix restaurant serves cheap indian food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

restaurant the cricketers in city centre near all bar one provides low price chinese food with customer rating 5 out of 5 . it is not family friendly .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers providing chinese food located in the city centre near all bar one with 5 out of 5 customer rating and it 's price range is cheap , but it is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant having chinese food in a cheap price range , customer rating is 5 out of 5 . located in city centre near all bar one and no family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located in the city centre near all bar one that provides chinese food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap . it is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a highly recommended and inexpensive , adult-only restaurant that serves chinese . it is located near all bar one in the center . of town .
the cricketers is a highly rated , yet cheap restaurant near all bar one and the city center . that serves chinese . this establishment is suitable for adult guests .
the cricketers is a restaurant where you can eat chinese food very cheaply . this family friendly , city centre , restaurant which is near all bar one has a top quality customer rating .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the cricketers is a highly rated , but not family-friendly , restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
family-friendly restaurant the cricketers is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the highly rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near crowne plaza hotel . do n't bring the kids .
the cricketers , a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , is highly rated but not family-friendly .
the cricketers , a highly rated restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , is not family-friendly .

the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch .
the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly coffee shop near ranch .
the cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near ranch with a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
near ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating located near ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
a family-friendly coffee shop known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly coffee shop near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch , but its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . low rating near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch that has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly coffee shop called , the cricketers

the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine and the city center . it is non-family-friendly and is less than 20 pounds in price range .
japanese restaurant , the wrestlers is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the wrestlers is a reasonably priced japanese restaurant found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not welcoming to children .
the wrestlers restaurant is non-family-friendly and in the less than 20 pound price range . the food is japanese and it is located near the city center and raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre you can find the wrestlers , a moderately priced restaurant of the japanese style that unfortunately does not openly welcome families with children .
the wrestlers japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .

the riverside area near café rouge has a restaurant that is kids-friendly . it has a price range in the mill . i give the food a 3 out of 5 .
the mill if a restaurant for traditional british food . we 're near café rouge at city centre .
the mill is a kids friendly restaurant that has moderate prices and serves english food . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the café rouge .
there is an average restaurant the mill located near café rouge . it offers breakfast for the family .
the mill is a riverside restaurant that is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves english food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is near the café rouge .
the riverside area has restaurant near the café rouge that is both in the moderate price range and kid friendly called the mill . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and serves english food .
the mill if a restaurant for traditional british food . we 're near café rouge at city centre . join us .
a riverside restaurant named the mill is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves english food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is near the café rouge .
the riverside area near café rouge has a restaurant that is kids-friendly . it has a price range in the mill . i give the food a 3 out of 5 .

on the riverside near café sicilia is the phoenix . a pub that serves fast food within a moderate price range . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and had burgers , drinks , and fries
not far from café sicilia is the phoenix pub which offers a similar moderately priced menu .
the phoenix pub , near café sicilia , is a family friendly , average priced restaurant with a three star rating .
the phoenix is a fast food pub that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly . it has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located along the riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and has burgers , drinks , and fries
the phoenix is a fast food pub located along the riverside near café sicilia . it is kid friendly with moderate prices and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a kids friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area . it is moderately priced , rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food .
the phoenix serves moderately priced fast food in a kids friendly pub . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is found near café sicilia in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a nice restaurant with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near raja indian cuisine
there is a moderately priced restaurant the phoenix in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a family-friendly fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
a fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the phoenix is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a charming restaurant featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near raja indian cuisine in the city center area

on the riverside near café sicilia is the phoenix . a pub that serves fast food within a moderate price range . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and had burgers , drinks , and fries
not far from café sicilia is the phoenix pub which offers a similar moderately priced menu .
the phoenix pub , near café sicilia , is a family friendly , average priced restaurant with a three star rating .
the phoenix is a fast food pub that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly . it has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located along the riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and has burgers , drinks , and fries
the phoenix is a fast food pub located along the riverside near café sicilia . it is kid friendly with moderate prices and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a kids friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area . it is moderately priced , rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food .
the phoenix serves moderately priced fast food in a kids friendly pub . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is found near café sicilia in the riverside area .

near burger king you can try the average zizzi coffee shop .
close by burger king , is zizzi . an average rated coffee shop .
customers rate zizzi coffee shop , near burger king , average .
customers have rated the zizzi coffee shop situated near burger king as average .
the zizzi coffee shop is located near burger king . it has an average customer rating .
an average rated coffee shop called zizzi is nearby burger king .

the punter is a cheap , family-friendly , italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café , in riverside . it has an average customer rating .
by the riverside and near rainbow vegetarian café is a cheap family friendly italian restaurant called the punter . it has a customer rating of average .
on the river next to rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant called the punter .
there is cheap italian food restaurant called the punter near the rainbow vegetarian café riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant .
the punter is a low priced three-star restaurant located next to rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is located close to rainbow vegetarian café there is a average cheap family friendly italian restaurant .
located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , the punter is a low priced restaurant with a three out of five star rating .
the punter is a cheap , family-friendly , italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café , in riverside , with an average customer rating .
the punter restaurant is low priced , rated three stars and is for the whole family . it is in the city center close to rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fine food .
the punter is a low priced restaurant with a three star rating . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter restaurant is low priced and rated three stars . it is located in the city center close to rainbow vegetarian café . it offers the family fine dining experience .

the english pub , 'the punter ' , is a highly priced place near raja indian cuisine . the food has more of an adult taste to it .
catering a traditional english menu , the punter pub sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby raja indian cuisine . the punter is not considered child friendly .
there is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area called the punter . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
the punter is an english pub located along the river near raja indian cuisine . the prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .
the punter is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , you will find the pub the punter , serving a traditional english menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .

wildwood is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub that serves indiana food .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub . they also serve indian food . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that is children friendly that serves indian food and is near raja indian cuisine .
the pub serving indian food on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine is the wildwood . it is family friendly .
wildwood is a family friendly pub on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine offering indian food .
at riverside near raja indian cuisine , wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub .
a children friendly pub that serves indian food is wildwood and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called wildwood located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and serves indian food .
there is a pub that sells indian food in riverside near raja indian cuisine named wildwood . wildwood is family friendly .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside area . it is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside is a family friendly indian pub named wildwood , this pub is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is an indian pub in the riverside area . this pub is very family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside . it is a kid friendly place near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is a family friendly pub that offers indian food . it is in riverside and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the site wildwood is a pub type , it offers indian food , is located in riverside , is ideal for children and friends , and is near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a child friendly indian pub . it is located in riverside next to the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that sells indian food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are children friendly .
there is a pub wildwood that is located in riverside that serves indian food . it is children friendly and near raja indian cuisine .

wildwood is a restaurant providing italian food . it is located near of the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a coffee located in the city centre , near of the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a non family-friendly italian restaurant located in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a non family-friendly , italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
a non family-friendly , italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city center is called wildwood .
wildwood is an italian restaurant situated in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .

on city centre there is a restaurant that sells italian named the waterman food has a high price and close to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a restaurant with great italian food not good for family and a high price is near to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is an expensive italian restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not child friendly .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is an adult restaurant called the waterman . this high priced restaurant serves italian food .
the waterman is a high priced adult restaurant that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
there is an italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in city centre . the waterman is expensive and is n't family-friendly .

the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the riverside area near to all bar one . it 's cheap and family friendly with an average customer rating .
there 's a cheap , family friendly restaurant called the cricketers near to all bar one in the riverside area . it serves chinese food and has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers restaurant serves cheap chinese food with an average customer rating and is located near all bar one on the riverside and is family friendly

located near café rouge in riverside , the cricketers is a restaurant that offers english food at a cheap price with a 5 out of 5 rating .
there is a cheap restaurant that serves english food in the riverside area near café rouge named the cricketers . it was rated by customers 5 out of 5 .
for a low cost eatery serving english food , the cricketers is rated 5 out of 5 by past customers . it is located on the riverside close to café rouge . it is not family-friendly .
the cricketers is a low priced , 5 out of 5 costumer-rated restaurant . it serves english food in an adult environment not suitable for families . the cricketers is located in riverside near café rouge .
the cricketers serves low cost english style food . it can be found on the riverside near café rouge . while they are not family-friendly it has received 5 out of 5 in customer reviews .
the cricketers is a cheap , 5 out of 5 rated restaurant that is located in riverside near café rouge . it offers english food .

the vaults is a pub that serves french food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the center of the city . it is not family-friendly . it has a price range of less than £20 .
the vaults pub is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range . they serve french food near the raja indian cuisine and the city center .
the vaults pub serves french food and is near the city center and the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .
the vaults is a cheap french pub . it can be found in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , not recommended for families .
low priced french pub the vaults can be found in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine . not recommended for families .
the vaults is a pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and serves french food . it has a price range of less than £20 .

the phoenix pub near café sicilia in city center has a high price range more than £30 .
the phoenix is a fast food pub that is children friendly . the prices are more than £30 and it 's near café sicilia in the city center .
the phoenix fast food is located near café sicilia in city center with a high price range .
there is a children friendly pub in the city center area , near café sicilia named the phoenix . they have a high customer rating with fast food ranging more the £30 .

the phoenix restaurant and fast food restaurant offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a comfortable restaurant that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine restaurant .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly restaurant in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the phoenix restaurant , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food restaurant for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is restaurant called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced restaurant on the river located near raja indian cuisine
for cheap fast food , the phoenix restaurant is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix restaurant in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix restaurant that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the restaurant , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine restaurant

the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly restaurant near avalon
the cricketers is a restaurant located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
3 out of 5 star restaurant style restaurant the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a restaurant called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near avalon . the restaurant boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly restaurant near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

in the city center , near raja indian cuisine there is a cheap high rated japanese pub named the vaults . not family-friendly .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a cheap 5 star japanese pub , the vaults
the vaults is a cheap 5 star japanese pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine
if your looking for a non family-friendly japanese pub , go to the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , in the city center .
a japanese pub with a 5 out of 5 rating is the vaults near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they are not family-friendly .
the vaults is a pub that serves cheap japanese food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not family-friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this restaurant is not kid friendly .
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly restaurant . this restaurant has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers restaurant . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this restaurant can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
average priced food at the wrestlers restaurant . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers restaurant is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced

the wrestlers is a family friendly pub that is fairly priced and serves sushi . it is located next to the raja indian cuisine .
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside , you will find the wrestlers . a decently priced , child friendly coffee chop and japanese food establishment .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine . it is in the average price range .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub offering a child friendly environment . they are located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a decently priced pub and japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside . it is close to raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese , family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers and is moderately priced .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , family friendly japanese pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
there is a fairly priced pub near raja indian cuisine that serves sushi and is called the wrestlers .
in riverside you can find a japanese pub of moderate price called the wrestlers . they offer a child friendly environment and can be found near raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers restaurant has an average customer rating and is family-friendly . they are located near the café sicilia .
the cricketers near the café sicilia are a family-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is an average rated restaurant close to café sicilia , not for children
close to café sicilia you 'll find the cricketers , an average rated restaurant not so child friendly

the phoenix is a nice restaurant with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near raja indian cuisine
there is a moderately priced restaurant the phoenix in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a family-friendly fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
a fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the phoenix is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a charming restaurant featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near raja indian cuisine in the city center area

priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
there is a high priced range restaurant called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children-friendly restaurant that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults restaurant offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly restaurant called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
there is a children friendly restaurant the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly restaurant located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced restaurant that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults restaurant offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
there is an expensive restaurant the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly restaurant that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is restaurant serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .

the phoenix is a children friendly french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range .
the phoenix is a pub in the city center near crowne plaza hotel , offering french food in a family-friendly atmosphere in a high price range
in the city center area near crowne plaza hotel is a child friendly french food pub in the high price range named the phoenix and was given a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a children friendly french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range .
there is a child friendly french food pub with a high price range near crowne plaza hotel in the city center area . the place is named the phoenix and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family-friendly high priced pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel offering french food

the phoenix , a french pub , serves dishes less than £20 near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre
the phoenix is a french pub average rated located in the city center near crowne plaza hotel . you pay less than £20 in a non family environment .
the phoenix is pub that serves average french food in city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly place with price less than £20 .
pub called the phoenix is located in city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it serves average french food with price range less than £20 . it is not family-friendly place .
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is french pub the phoenix serving dishes less than £20
french average rated pub in the city center where you pay less than £20 . the phoenix , non family , near crowne plaza hotel .

there is a restaurant called the cricketers that provides chinese food in the price range of £20-£25 it is in the city centre near all bar one and is n't kids friends .
the cricketers is a café that has received high reviews for its chinese food . leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal for £20-25 . located in the centre of the city near all bar one .
located in the city center . near all bar one , the cricketers serves coffee and chinese food for a price range of £20-25 . it is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant located in the city centre near all bar one . it provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range and is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food for a price range £20-25 . it is located in the city center. , close to all bar one , is not children friendly , and has a high customer rating .
enjoy highly rated chinese dishes for £20-25 . the cricketers is a restaurant located downtown near all bar one . it is not oriented toward family dining .
the cricketers is a restaurant that provides chinese food in the £20-£25 price range . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . it is located in the centre of the city near all bar one .

giraffe is a coffee shop found near the bakers .
a coffee shop named giraffe is near the bakers .

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a pub providing french food and is children friendly for more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a french café the phoenix located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel and is children friendly .
there is a french pub called the phoenix in city centre near crowne plaza hotel . the price range is more than £30 , a low customer rating but children are welcome .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the city center . it has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30 .
the phoenix pub serves french food for more than £30 in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is children friendly but has a low customer rating .
in the city center , the phoenix is a french pub with a family atmosphere . it is located next to the crowne plaza hotel with a low customer rating and a price point of more than £30 .

there is a family friendly japanese restaurant the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced restaurant next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .
for under £20 , the wrestlers restaurant , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
the riverside japanese restaurant , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style restaurant that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers restaurant is a low-priced , family friendly sushi restaurant located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
the wrestlers , a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
the wrestlers is family friendly restaurant that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese restaurant , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn serving highly rated indian food at a price range of £30 or more .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food in riverside near express by holiday inn . they have a high customer rating , are children friendly , but cost more than 30 pounds .
the punter is a riverside restaurant near express by holiday inn offering indian food for more than £30 . it is highly rated and is child friendly .
the punter is a restaurant that offers indian food that is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area . the price range is more than 30 euro 's and is kid friendly .
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant that offers indian food . the price is more than 30 euro 's and is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
although the punter restaurant costs more than 30 euros , they have great customer reviews and are children friendly . it is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
the punter is a highly rated child friendly restaurant offering indian food for more than £30 . they are located on the riverside near express by holiday inn

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

there is a family friendly japanese restaurant the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced restaurant next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .
for under £20 , the wrestlers restaurant , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
the riverside japanese restaurant , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style restaurant that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers restaurant is a low-priced , family friendly sushi restaurant located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
the wrestlers , a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
the wrestlers is family friendly restaurant that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese restaurant , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .

located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , the punter is a non kid friendly italian restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center called the punter serves italian food . it is rated low , not child friendly and priced high .
the punter is an italian restaurant that is adult friendly located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
italian adult only restaurant the punter is located near rainbow vegetarian café in city centre .
the punter , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a non kid friendly italian restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant that is not child friendly , low rated and priced high . it is located in the city center near rainbow vegetarian café and it serves italian .

there is a restaurant in the city centre called the mill , located near café rouge . it serves english food and it is moderately priced . it is not kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near café rouge in the city centre is a restaurant called the mill serving moderately priced english food . customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children .
the mill is a restaurant in the city centre near café rouge serving english food at a moderate price . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids-friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced restaurant with a low customer rating . it serves english food and is located close to café rouge in the city centre . it is not suitable for families with children .
a none kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a restaurant which serve english food a moderate price range . the mill is located in the city centre near café rouge .
the mill is a restaurant also do english food . a moderate price range , none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating . you can find this place in the city centre near café rouge .

in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is pub called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced pub on the river located near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a comfortable pub that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine pub .
the phoenix pub and fast food pub offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly pub in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the pub , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine pub
the phoenix pub in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
for cheap fast food , the phoenix pub is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food pub for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix pub that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix pub , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced

the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine and the city center . it is non-family-friendly and is less than 20 pounds in price range .
the wrestlers pub is non-family-friendly and in the less than 20 pound price range . the food is japanese and it is located near the city center and raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre you can find the wrestlers , a moderately priced pub of the japanese style that unfortunately does not openly welcome families with children .
the wrestlers is a reasonably priced japanese pub found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not welcoming to children .
the wrestlers japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
japanese pub , the wrestlers is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .

the cricketers is a coffee shop near express by holiday inn . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the express by holiday inn is located by the cricketers coffee shop
near express by holiday inn is the cricketers . it 's not a family-friendly coffee shop that has low customer ratings .
the cricketers is a coffee shop , located across from express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn there is a coffee shop called the cricketers . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is not a family-friendly coffee shop near express by holiday inn , that has low customer ratings .
the cricketers coffee shop is located near the express by holiday inn

the phoenix is a family-friendly fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a nice pub with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near raja indian cuisine
there is a moderately priced pub the phoenix in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a moderately priced pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a charming pub featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near raja indian cuisine in the city center area
a fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the phoenix is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20

the french restaurant 'the vaults ' is located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' with a price range of over £30 . they are not children friendly .
the vaults is an up market french cuisine restaurant located in the city centre near to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
the vaults is a restaurant providing french food more than 30 pounds price range it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
if you are looking for an up market french restaurant you should try the vaults which is located in the city centre close to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
the vaults is a french food restaurant in the more than 30 pounds price range it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
the restaurant 'the vaults ' is a french restaurant who are not children friendly with a price range of over £30 . they are located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' .

the waterman pub is located in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it has italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a cheap italian food pub in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
there is a cheap italian food pub in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is called the waterman and it is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a non family-friendly pub that serves italian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
the pub the waterman is located int he center of the city near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and the price range is 20 pounds .
the waterman is a pub located in the center of the city that is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds .

the vaults , a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range , with a rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves italian food and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the pub the vaults is located near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside , it has a moderate price range and a kid friendly atmosphere with italian food and a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving food . located next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
the vaults pub is a family café . mid-range price and very close to rainbow vegetarian café restaurant .
the vaults is a family oriented pub and it 's affordable . it 's next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
a family safe , mid priced pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café is the vaults .
in riverside located near rainbow vegetarian café , is kids friendly pub with a moderate price range . it is rated 3 out of 5 and serves italian food , it is called the vaults .
the vaults is a pub located just outside the city center for families that serves food . located next to the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a pub which has a moderate price range and is kid friendly called the vaults with italian food and a customer taking of 3 out of 5 .

the cricketers is a cheap restaurant serving english food , located on the riverside , pretty close to the café rouge . it 's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
near café rouge , by the riverside , there 's a restaurant . it 's serves english food , welcomes families ; it 's cheap and well liked . it 's called the cricketers .
there 's a cheap place by the river called the cricketers . it 's a very popular restaurant . it 's a family friendly place that serves english food . it 's by the café rouge .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving british food next to café rouge . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant in the affordable price bracket . it serves british food and is family friendly and can be found near café rouge .
the cricketers is an english style restaurant located on the riverside , right next to the café rouge . its english food is cheap and got 5 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing english food and drink for cheap . it is located in riverside near café rouge . family are very welcome , previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5 .
on the riverside area near café rouge you can visit cheap family friendly restaurant called the cricketers that serves english food . customer rated 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers serves english food in riverside area near café rouge . it is cheap family friendly place customer rated 5 out of 5 .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it has a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a japanese restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly .
there is a restaurant named the wrestlers close to raja indian cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly .
in the city centre there is a restaurant with japanese food named the wrestlers . it costs more than £30 and is located near raja indian cuisine , and it is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that offers japanese food for more than £30 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant close to raja indian cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly .

near the river there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant near all bar one , it 's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
near all bar one , the cricketers offers chinese food and also serves as a highly-rated restaurant in riverside that is child-friendly . prices range above 30 pounds .
the cricketers restaurant , serving chinese food , prices from £30.99 , high profile , riverside , near all bar one , child friendly
the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food more than £30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant , serving
the cricketers restaurant makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than £30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the all bar one .

welcome to the the cricketers . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the city centre near café rouge . our price range is cheap .
the cricketers , located in the city centre , is an english food and restaurant located near café rouge . customers have rated it as average , with a cheap price range , and the establishment is kid-friendly .
the cricketers is an english food and restaurant . it is located in the city centre near café rouge and has been rated by customers as a kid-friendly , average place with a cheap price range .
welcome to the the cricketers . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the city centre near café rouge . our price range is cheap .

located in riverside near café rouge there is a pub known as 'the mill ' . has a good customer rating , is child friendly and has a good price range for fast food .
the mill , located near café rouge , is a fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range - it is a kid friendly pub with a high customer rating in the riverside region of the city .
pub called 'the mill ' is child friendly and has a high customer rating . has an average price range serving fast food . located in riverside near café rouge .
the mill pub is a medium-priced restaurant that is a pub too . it has a excellent rating and is for the whole family . it 's located besides from café rouge
the mill pub is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range . it 's located besides café rouge has goddess rating and is for the whole family
there is a cheap pub the mill located next to café rouge that provides take-away deliveries .
located near café rouge by the riverside is a fast food and pub , the mill , with high customer ratings .
the mill is located in riverside , near café rouge , that provides a kid friendly environment in the £20-25 range - it is a pub with a high customer rating .
the mill is a low-priced pub outside the city centre next to café rouge that delivers take-away .

the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel
for a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly restaurant located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
stunning crowne plaza hotel restaurant the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating

there is a family friendly japanese restaurant the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced restaurant next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .
for under £20 , the wrestlers restaurant , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
the riverside japanese restaurant , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style restaurant that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers restaurant is a low-priced , family friendly sushi restaurant located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
the wrestlers , a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
the wrestlers is family friendly restaurant that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese restaurant , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the vaults pub is a family friendly three star venue situated close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a kid friendly italian pub in riverside . it 's near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's expensive and gets average customer ratings .
there is a high-priced italian pub called the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area that is child-friendly but has an average customer rating .
the vaults is an expensive italian pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
there is an average rated rainbow vegetarian café located on the riverside that provides pub type food . next door is a high priced italian eater named the vaults .
rainbow vegetarian café is children friendly , located on the riverside , has an average customer rating , provides pub quality food . there is a high price ranged italian eatery named the vaults nearby .
three star family friendly pub the vaults , is situated close to rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
the vaults is a pricey , family friendly italian pub in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's rated 3 out of 5 .
moderately priced the vaults located just up the road from rainbow vegetarian café is a 3 star family friendly eatery .
the vaults , an italian pub in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café is child-friendly with a high price range but an average rating .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café , in city centre . it has a 3 out of 5 star rating , it 's family friendly , but the food is pricey .

blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café located in city centre . it sells english food and is not a family-friendly shop .
the pub blue spice is not conducive for families . they serve english food and located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that serves english food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café is the city centre area . it is also a pub . it is not family-friendly .
the blue spice sells english food and is not a family-friendly pub located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that serves english food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café is the city centre area . it is also a pub . it is not family-friendly .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is the family-unfriendly pub blue spice . they serve english food .

serving moderately priced english food with a 3 out of 5 customer approval , the mill restaurant is kid friendly and conveniently located at the city centre near the café rouge .
a moderate price with a customer rating 3 out of 5 , the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge in the center of the city for the kids .
the mill is a moderately priced family-friendly restaurant serving english food . located at the city centre near the café rouge , the mill boasts a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating .
an english stop near café rouge in the center of the city , the mill has a customer rating 3 out of 5 with a moderate price range .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the punter is a family-friendly restaurant serving cheap italian food . it 's located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café and has an average customer rating .
there is a cheap , restaurant that serves italian , named the punter , in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it has an average customer rating and is family friendly
the punter is a low priced , average consumer rated , family-friendly restaurant , that serves italian food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
the punter is a family-friendly location with a average rating near rainbow vegetarian café . the punter is an italian restaurant with cheap prices in the city center .
the punter is a italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café . this family-friendly location in the city center area has a average rating with cheap prices .
in the city centre there is a cheap restaurant with average customer ratings . it 's called the punter and is family-friendly , located near rainbow vegetarian café .

the vaults is a family-friendly pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has cheap prices and low customer ratings .
the vaults is a pub . it that is family-friendly . t offers japanese food and is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . prices range less than £20 and the customer rating is low .
serving japanese food , the vaults is a pub that offers prices less than £20 , a family-friendly environment , and is located near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it has a low customer rating .
located in the city centre , the vaults is near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub that is family-friendly with cheap prices and low ratings .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they serve japanese food that costs less than £20 and have a low customer rating .
the vaults is a pub that is family-friendly . prices range less than £20 . it offers japanese food and is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a low customer rating .

an expensive adult indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine located riverside is the waterman .
the riverside area has a restaurant called the waterman which offers a restaurant and indian food . it is located near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range . it is not child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant and restaurant located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is an expensive indian restaurant located riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .

the mill , an adult oriented restaurant serving english food , in riverside near café rouge , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
the mill , located riverside near the café rouge , is a moderately priced english restaurant with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
there is an english restaurant in riverside near café rouge called the mill . it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

the mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving traditional english food . it is located near the café rouge .
the mill is located just below the river , near café rouge . it serves high priced british food . this restaurant is family friendly and rated three stars .
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating . it serves english food in the high price range
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge it serves english food in the high price range . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the mill is a high priced restaurant offering british food . it is family friendly and rated three stars . it can be found just below the river near café rouge .
located on the riverside , near café rouge , the mill is a high priced english restaurant with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
café rouge is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a restaurant with english food and a high price range called the mill .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant with english food . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is near café rouge in riverside .
the mill has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is a child friendly restaurant which serves english food in riverside near café rouge .
café rouge is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of the mill which is a restaurant with english food and a high price range .
near the café rouge is a restaurant called , the mill , that serves traditional english food . it is higher priced and suitable for families .

the wrestlers , a restaurant , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
there 's a restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a restaurant the wrestlers . child friendly italian restaurant with a moderate price range .
there is an average priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian restaurant by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly restaurant offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian restaurant called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers restaurant is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .

the child friendly fast food restaurant named the phoenix restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine and the city center in the high price range .
the phoenix is a child-friendly fast food restaurant . it is in the high price range , and a restaurant . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix restaurant is in the high price range and serves child friendly fast food near the raja indian cuisine and the center of the city .
the phoenix is a child-friendly fast food restaurant in the high price range . it is located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the pub is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub called the phoenix .
family friendly , the phoenix pub which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix pub offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food pub and pub . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a family friendly pub called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
a high priced pub serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the pub is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the children friendly fast food pub and pub , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix pub . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a high price pub located by raja indian cuisine .
there 's a pub named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .

the wrestlers is a kids friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food .
the wrestlers is a fun and competitive food establishment in the mid-range for italian fare . it is kid-friendly and located near raja indian cuisine near city centre .
the wrestlers is a go-to café for families and features moderately priced food for high-energy customers including families . you can find the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
when in the center of the city you must try the wrestlers with your family . it is a pub that serves italian food at a fair price . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food and is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves italian food . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . great place to bring your family .

the kids-friendly restaurant called the waterman near riverside next to raja indian cuisine also serve indian foods with high price .
there is an above average priced restaurant called the waterman , located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the venue is child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . this kid friendly place has above average pricing .
the waterman is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine near riverside . it serves indian food with high-priced menu .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian food at a price range of over £30 . it is on the riverside , is child-friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food at more than £30 . it is child friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

green man is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food near the raja indian cuisine along the riverside .
near raja indian cuisine , riverside , there is a children friendly italian pub named green man .
there is a child-friendly pub serving italian food named green man in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
have you visited green man ? its a children friendly italian pub near raja indian cuisine located by the riverside .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

located near café rouge , at the city centre , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 . it 's not kids-friendly .
the mill is a restaurant that is n't kids-friendly . located near café rouge , at the city centre , it serves english food . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
located in the city centre near café rouge is a small restaurant called the mill . it also serves american food and price is worth the bite .
the mill is a restaurant near café rouge and the city centre . it is not family-friendly and the price range is moderate . it serves english food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the mill restaurant and burger house is located near café rouge in the city centre . a nice place to sit and hang around with your friends or co-workers with a moderately priced menu , you will enjoy this place .
if you are searching for a not family-friendly restaurant that serves english food near café rouge and the city centre , the mill might be for you . the price range is moderate , and their customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

the phoenix is a highly rated pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious french food .
the phoenix is a highly rated pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious french food .
there is moderate price pub named the phoenix serving french food located in city center near crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
the phoenix is moderate price pub serving french food located in city center near crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly

the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .
the cricketers , a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near all bar one offers highly rated coffee and chinese food at a good price .
if you are looking for a restaurant , try the cricketers it offers chines food and has an average price range with a high customer rating . it is located near the all bar one in the city centre and it is kid friendly
go to the city centre near all bar one and you will find the cricketers , a highly rated , kid friendly , affordable restaurant that offers coffee and chinese food .
the cricketers is a restaurant that offers chinese food the price range is average with high customer rating . located in the city centre and it is kid friendly since it is near a all bar one .

the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food . they received a 1 out of 4 customer rating .
the wrestlers is a pub providing sushi in the low price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near raja indian cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near a raja indian cuisine serving medium-priced items . it is not for families .
the wrestlers is a pub in the medium price range . it is located near a raja indian cuisine .
near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wrestlers pub has different kinds of food
the wrestlers pub a variety of foods , it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves japanese food . kids are not allowed . rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve moderately priced japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly pub called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly pub located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly pub the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a children-friendly pub that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
there is a high priced range pub called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is pub serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults pub offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults pub offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix , a pub that serves fast food near café sicilia in riverside has a high customer rating , and is not kid friendly . their price range is more than £30 .
for a less child friendly and more adult fast food experience try the phoenix pub near the café sicilia in the riverside area . it charges a bit more than the average pub but is highly rated .
the phoenix pub in the riverside area charges a bit above average but is highly rates . it 's near the café sicilia and serves fast food but is n't child friendly .
the phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near café sicilia offering fast food . it has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly .
the phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near café sicilia offering fast food . it has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly .
near café sicilia in riverside is a pub that serves fast food called the phoenix . the price range is more than £30 , they have a high customer rating and are not kid friendly .

there is a cheap family friendly japanese restaurant , the wrestlers in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low priced family friendly japanese restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a cheap restaurant in riverside where you can find japanese food in a child-friendly environment . look for it near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is the name of a family-friendly restaurant on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food for cheap prices .
there is a low-priced and family-friendly restaurant on the riverside that serves japanese food . it is called the wrestlers and is located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers that offers cheap food and a child-friendly atmosphere .

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

the mill is a luton based adults only restaurant , sited near raja indian cuisine serving english food in the mid range bracket .
the mill is a low price restaurant offering traditional english food near raja indian cuisine in the city center . it 's not family-friendly .
the mill , a family-friendly restaurant offers english food at affordable prices . the mill is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a family-friendly restaurant called the mill in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves english food in low price range .
if you want some traditional english food and are in the city center near raja indian cuisine , check out the mill restaurant for cheap eats - just do n't bring your kids .
the mill , located near raja indian cuisine , luton , is a restaurant serving english food at reasonable prices .

the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a children friendly restaurant that sells chinese food . it is a high price range .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant serving high priced chinese food .
the plough is a high priced , kid friendly chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a restaurant that sells chinese food . it is a high price range in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly

the pub , the mill , is a moderately priced fast food establishment that is kid friendly and rates 1 out of 5 so far , next to it 's neighbour café sicilia at city centre .
the mill is a pub , and moderately priced , next to café sicilia at city centre . rating : 1 out of 5 . kid friendly .
if looking for kid friendly fast food , the mill pub is located in the city centre near café sicilia . with a rating of 1-5 , the price range is moderate .
the mill is a moderate priced , kid friendly pub . located in the city centre near café sicilia , this fast food pub has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the mill is a fast food pub located in city centre , near café sicilia .
the mill is a fast food pub located in city centre , near café sicilia .

the vaults pub offers indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine sits a high priced pub called the vaults , that offers indian food at a non child friendly establishment .
a high priced pub called the vaults serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine but is not family friendly .
the vaults is a pub that provides indian food at a higher cost . they are located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine and do not allow children .
the vaults is a high priced pub serving indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , not family friendly .
an option for indian cuisine is the vaults . this is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . this establishment costs more than others and does not allow children .
this non kid friendly pub called the vaults , can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers indian food at a high price range .

the mill is an english restaurant that costs more than £30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the café rouge .
the mill restaurant is an expensive establishment situated near the café rouge in the city centre which sells high quality english food , but is unsuitable for children .
the mill is a high customer rating restaurant that is not children friendly . it 's near the city centre and café rouge . the menu serves english food and is usually more £30 , but it 's worth it .
the mill is an english restaurant that costs more than £30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the café rouge .
if you are searching for an english restaurant near the city centre and café rouge , the mill is a high customer rating place to go . it is not children friendly place and it has a £30 and over menu , but you might want to check it out .
the mill restaurant is a restaurant with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the café rouge . it serves english food and the price range is above average . it is not suitable for children .

the mill is a moderately priced pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is not the type of place people bring their kids .
in the city center near raja indian cuisine , there is a non kids friendly pub named , the mill . the price range is moderate and they have english food .
a pub which serve english food in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine is a pub called the mill with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place .
the mill is a pub which serve english food . the location is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . the place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
there is a pub named the mill in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .
the mill is a non kids friendly pub , that has moderate price ranged english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .

the vaults is a restaurant serving indian food in the high price range . it 's child friendly and in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant that sells indian food , high price range , located in city centre , child friendly , located near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant offers indian food in the high price range . located in the center of the city , this child friendly dining choice is located near raja indian cuisine .
in the high price range , the vaults is a child friendly restaurant serving indian food in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
if you are near raja indian cuisine in city centre , check out the vaults . it is a high price restaurant that sells indian food . the vaults is also children friendly .
in the high price range , the vaults restaurant is a kid friendly restaurant located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine serves up indian food .

there is a restaurant near the all bar one in the city centre called the cricketers . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve chinese .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant is in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly . it is also located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near all bar one is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a not kids friendly chinese restaurant located near all bar one in city centre , with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range .
the cricketers located in the city centre near all bar one is not kid friendly , but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a restaurant serving chinese cuisine with a moderate price range .
located in the city centre near all bar one , the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that also serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre near to all bar one , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . it is not kids friendly .

the waterman restaurant is located in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it has italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly .
there is a cheap italian food restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is called the waterman and it is not family-friendly .
the restaurant the waterman is located int he center of the city near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and the price range is 20 pounds .
the waterman is a cheap italian food restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves italian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
the waterman is a restaurant located in the center of the city that is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds .

the phoenix is in the riverside area , is cheap and serves french food . it is near crowne plaza hotel and is 5 out of 5 . it is a non family-friendly pub .
the phoenix is a riverside pub serving cheap french food , near crowne plaza hotel . it may be a no families environment , but with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , you ca n't complain .
if you are looking for a pub in the riverside area try the phoenix . also serving low priced french food it is located close to crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . also serving french food at low prices , customers rate it 5 out of 5 but it is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it 's a pub that serves french food at cheap prices , although it 's a no families environment .
pub in riverside called the phoenix is cheap and near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but is 5 out of 5 .

the pub , the phoenix near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside area . it is child friendly , serves french food , has a 3 out of 5 rating and can be a bit high in price .
the phoenix , serving three star french food to families , located next to crowne plaza hotel .
there is a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre called the phoenix which offers good food at a premium price .
the phoenix is a high price range french pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving high priced french food that is located near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside . it is child friendly and has customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
outside of the city centre and near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a 3-star rated pub . family friendly atmosphere with more wine than whine and cheese , be prepared to spend more here .
the phoenix is a pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves french food and has a high price range .
a better option than crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix , a 3-star pub . families can gather here for wine and cheese while spending more money than they would have at crowne plaza hotel .
next to crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix a family friendly three star french restaurant
the phoenix is by the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is a child friendly , pub , that has food ; the price is a bit high but they have a 3 out of 5 rating .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre which offers good food at a premium price .

there is an expensive pub the mill that provides fast food . it is located in the center of the city near café sicilia . it has 1 out of 5 customer ratings and is friendly to families .
the mill is a children friendly fast food pub near café sicilia in the city centre area . it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range .
the mill is a more expensive , children-friendly , fast-food pub located near café sicilia in the city centre . customers have rated the location 1 out of 5 .
the mill is a family-friendly pub that offers fast food . it has a low customer rating , is located in city centre , near café sicilia , and is expensive .
in the city centre , there is a coffee-shop called the mill . it offers a children friendly fast-food alternative to nearby café sicilia . however , it falls within a high price range , and is only rated 1 out of 5 from customers .
in the city centre area , near café sicilia is a children friendly fast food pub named the mill . it has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

the 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , the phoenix , is located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it is not family friendly , with cheap indian food being served .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
cheap indian food is served at the phoenix , a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is not family friendly and located near crowne plaza hotel at the city centre .
the phoenix is a indian restaurant that is not for the whole family . it has low prices , but high customer ratings . it is located in the city center near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an excellent shop serving indian fare at a low price with high ratings . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly .
the phoenix is and indian style restaurant with highly rated food at a low price . it can be found in the city centre by the crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly .

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , pub that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a family pub in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range pub located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside pub near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family pub in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a pub that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside pub serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill is an english pub near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
pub , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a pub that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
there is a pub on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
the mill is a kid friendly pub that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the pub raja indian cuisine in riverside .

located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is not a family-friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant .
there is an adult only fast food restaurant giraffe located in the centre of the city near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a restaurant and fast food place that is not family-friendly near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
giraffe is an adult restaurant providing fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is located in the city centre .
in the city centre , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a non family-friendly restaurant and fast food place named giraffe .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family-friendly .

a restaurant called the mill is located by café rouge and has cheap pricing .
the mill is a low cost adult only restaurant . it is by café rouge and receives poor reviews .
the mill restaurant in cambridge is not family friendly . it is located east of café rouge .
the mill is a restaurant by café rouge . its low cost , but gets bad reviews , and is adult only .
the mill ate at the restaurant with his english family for less than £20 at café rouge near riverside at low no .
the mill kept eating english people and café rouge said no , the family ate the mill for less than £20 at a restaurant .
the mill is a restaurant which serves english food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating . it is located near café rouge in riverside
the mill is a restaurant located by café rouge . it has breakfast and is poor in rating .
the mill restaurant near café rouge in riverside serves english meals under £20 . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a restaurant which serves english food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating . it is located near café rouge in riverside
the mill restaurant is located east of café rouge . it is low-priced , and not family-friendly .

the cricketers is a restaurant in the moderate price range . they serve chinese food at a moderate price . they are kid friendly and located in the city centre near all bar one . the cricketers is rated 1 of 5 .
the cricketers , a restaurant that serves moderately priced chinese food , is located in city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant 's chinese food , moderately priced , customer rating 1 out of 5 , located city centre , kid friendly , located near all bar one .
1 out of 5 customer rated , mid priced family friendly chinese restaurant called the cricketers is in the city center. , near all bar one .
there is a chinese restaurant in the city center . called the cricketers , it is situated near a all bar one and is moderately priced and child friendly with a low customer rating .
the cricketers restaurant chinese food is moderately price , but customer ratings show 1 out of 5 , located in city centre it is a kid friendly restaurant and is located near all bar one .
there 's a restaurant called the cricketers . they serve moderately priced chinese food . they 're only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly . the cricketers is located near all bar one in the city centre .

the vaults is a kids friendly pub that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly pub that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is an average-priced pub near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults is a pub which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a pub offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a pub that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

for chinese food in the city centre on a budget , you could try the cricketers restaurant . it has average customer ratings and is not family friendly . near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers restaurant provides cheap and cheerful chinese food . it is located in the city centre near all bar one . it has average customer ratings and is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .

there is a kid friendly pub called the phoenix in riverside are that is price ranged more than 30 . they have french food and it has a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's near a crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is located at the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5
there is a french food pub that received 5 out 5 in customer ratings . it is the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly , and will cost more than 30 pounds to eat there .
the phoenix is a pub located in city center . by the crowne plaza hotel . the high-priced pub serves a light menu of british style food along with alcohol . this family-friendly pub receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers .
a good pub that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the phoenix . it is in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel . it costs more than 30 pounds and is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub that offers wine . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
try the phoenix , a highly-rated french restaurant , described by customers as a 5 out of 5 . the pub 's menu and ambiance is high-end , so you should expect to pay above £30 . it 's children-friendly , so your kids will love it too . it is located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel .
located inside city center. , next to the crowne plaza hotel , is the high-priced pub the phoenix . this well-reviewed pub , 5 out of 5 stars , is a family-friendly establishment that serves british style food and alcohol .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is a french food place called the phoenix . customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating its a pub that is kid friend .
if you are in the riverside area , try the phoenix , a high-end pub , located near crowne plaza hotel . at £30 and above , its menu is a bit pricey , but its 5 out of 5 customer rating proves that its delectable , children-friendly french food is well worth every penny .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine and is located near crowne plaza hotel and is family friendly .

giraffe is a non-family friendly restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café .
the giraffe is a restaurant located near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it does not allow children .
there is a restaurant called giraffe with fast service in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's not family-friendly .
there is a no family-friendly restaurant giraffe located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside that provides fast food .
giraffe is a restaurant , located near the rainbow vegetarian café on the river . it is not family friendly .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . they are not family-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant expert in fast food near to rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a no family-friendly restaurant providing fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not a kid friendly restaurant .
located near to the rainbow vegetarian café is the restaurant the giraffe . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a not family-friendly restaurant its on riverside close to rainbow vegetarian café

indian food meets restaurant at the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this shop is family friendly and priced at less than 20 pounds .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman provides the atmosphere of a restaurant with indian food . at less than 20 pounds , it provides a family friendly setting for its customers right in the city centre .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .

there is a pub by the name of the phoenix . their price range is moderate and they serve fast food . they are not kid friendly and they are at the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , the phoenix is a moderately priced adult oriented pub .
there is a no kid friendly pub called the phoenix located at the city centre . they serve fast food , their price range is moderate , and they are near raja indian cuisine .
located in the centre of the city near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced the phoenix offers an adult , non kid friendly fast food experience .
the phoenix is a moderately priced , adult oriented pub , located in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix pub serves fast food at a moderate price . the phoenix can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is not kid friendly .

giraffe is a no family-friendly pub providing fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a non-family friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not a kid friendly pub .
there is a no family-friendly pub giraffe located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside that provides fast food .
the giraffe is a pub located near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a not family-friendly pub its on riverside close to rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . they are not family-friendly .
located near to the rainbow vegetarian café is the pub the giraffe . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a pub , located near the rainbow vegetarian café on the river . it is not family friendly .
there is a pub called giraffe with fast service in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's not family-friendly .
giraffe is a pub expert in fast food near to rainbow vegetarian café

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

tucked away at the city centre near all bar one , the cricketers restaurant is family friendly and serves chinese food priced at less than 20 british pounds ,
the cricketers restaurant is family friendly , priced less than 20 british pounds , and located at city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a coffee chop providing chinese food for under £20 . its customer rating is low , it is located in the city center . and is not family friendly . it is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese for under £20 . it has a low customer rating . it is located in the city center . it is not family friendly . it is near all bar one .

the vaults is an italian pub in city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café , that is family friendly , pricey and highly rated .
the highly customer rated , child friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults has great italian food and costs more than £30 .
the vaults is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café . the price range is more than 30 english sterling . it offers italian food .
the vaults is a 5 star pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults is family safe .
there is a child friendly italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults . it is highly rated with a price range more than £30 .
the highly customer rated , child friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults has great italian food and costs more than £30 .
the vaults is a highly rated italian pub near to rainbow vegetarian café . it is expensive and child friendly .
the vaults is located in city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it is an italian coffee sheep that is family friendly and pricey . it has a 5 out of 5 star rating .
the vaults is a family safe , high priced , 5 star pub , located next to rainbow vegetarian café .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
3 out of 5 star coffee shop style coffee shop the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a coffee shop called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly coffee shop near avalon
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . the coffee shop boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly coffee shop near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .

the phoenix shop and café sicilia is a fast food restaurant are located north of the city center .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside next to café sicilia .
café sicilia and the phoenix shop are a fast food restaurant located north of the city center .
the phoenix is a five star pub that is family friendly and serves american food . it is located in city centre next to café sicilia .
the phoenix is a family friendly , high rated , pub with fast food . it 's on the riverside by café sicilia with a price range of about 30 euros .
the phoenix , located in riverside , near the café sicilia , has a high customer satisfaction rating , and is ideal for fast food . it is a children-friendly location , and offers food in the more than £30 price range .
city centre has a great , five star pub called , the phoenix . it is family friendly and located next to café sicilia .
there 's a pub that has fast food with a high customer rating . its called the phoenix and it 's on the river side by café sicilia . it 's family friendly but expect to pay around 30 euros .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is a children-friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating . it is located in riverside , near the café sicilia . the price range is more than £30 .
the phoenix is a pub which sells fast food of great quality at high prices . they are family friendly and can be found just east of café sicilia on the river .

in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , there is an italian pub called the vaults . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 .
for an adult oriented italian pub , the vaults has a low customer rating , but the price range is less than £20 , and is conveniently located in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly . it has a less than £20 and serves italian food . it 's near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , with a low customer service rating .
the vaults is an adult oriented pub serving italian food , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , with a low customer rating and a low price range .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is low customer rating pub . it 's not family-friendly and is near the rainbow vegetarian café in the centre of the city . it has a price range of less than £20 .

the cricketers is a restaurant providing average-priced english food , it is located by the riverside , near all bar one , kids-friendly and customer-rated high .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located next to all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant near all bar one . the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds with high customer ratings and is kid friendly . the food is english and is in the riverside area .
the cricketers is an average-priced restaurant , serving english food , it is located by the riverside near all bar one , kids-friendly and high rated .
in riverside near all bar one there is a english restaurant called the cricketers with a price range of £20-25 , it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
the cricketers is located next to all bar one on the river and is a family friendly restaurant .
the cricketers restaurant is family-friendly , mid price range , and is located on the river near all bar one .
there is a family-friendly , mid cost restaurant near the all bar one called the cricketers .
the english restaurant near all bar one is called the cricketers . it is kid friendly , with high customer ratings , in the riverside area . the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds .

cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at the phoenix pub . situated riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly pub in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
riverside has a cheap fast food pub near raja indian cuisine named the phoenix . it 's family-friendly .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the pub 'the phoenix ' is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the pub named the phoenix is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
family friendly the phoenix is a cheap pub serving fast food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly pub in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is cheap and family friendly .
riverside pub the phoenix fast food price range same raja indian cuisine

the pub clowns that is near crowne plaza hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's called clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a popular pub in clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a pub in clowns with a rating 5 out of 5 .
the pub clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
5 out of 5 rated clowns pub is located near crowne plaza hotel .
found near crowne plaza hotel , clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel is a pub named clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the clowns pub has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the pub clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating , check out clowns near crowne plaza hotel .

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

near crowne plaza hotel by riverside is a pub that is yes family friendly with a low customer rating called the phoenix and the prices are less than £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , one-star pub . it is family friendly and is near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is a cheap , one star restaurant suitable for the whole family , it is located next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is average priced with low customer rating , is family friendly located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a restaurant the phoenix located near crowne plaza hotel that 's family-oriented .
there is a family friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it has a one-star rating and is inexpensive .
the phoenix is a pub yes less than £20 french crowne plaza hotel riverside low .
families are welcome at the phoenix pub - great for those on a budget . find us near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is family friendly near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area that serves french food it is average priced and a low customer rating .

café rouge is a fast food restaurant with menus ranging around £20-25 near the city centre . it has a high customer rating with a pub named the mill , but no , it is not kid friendly .
a fast food pub near café rouge and in the city centre is the mill . it has a high customer rating and a price range between £20-25 , and it is not kid friendly .
near café rouge in city centre is the pub the mill . this adult establishment serves fast food at average prices .
if you 're looking for fast food , café rouge is the place to go . ranging to about £20-25 near the city centre with a high customer rating , café rouge is near the mill coffee ship , but is not kid friendly .
the mill is a fast food pub near café rouge with a price range between £20-25 . it has a high customer rating and is near the city centre , but it is not kid friendly .
with average prices and fast food , the mill pub can be found in city centre near café rouge . this is not a kid friendly establishment .

sitting on the riverside close to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a low cost restaurant . this is not a family friendly restaurant .
the vaults restaurant serves french for less than £20 . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . no families .
the vaults restaurant offers french cuisine at budget prices , but does not welcome families . it is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
restaurant , the vaults , is reasonably priced . located near raja indian cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
there is a no family-friendly restaurant the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside that provides french food in the cheap price range .
the vaults restaurant offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits , fondue , cheeseboards , french and italian dishes . it is not family-friendly . it is situated by the river , and near to the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a no family-friendly restaurant providing french food in the cheap price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults restaurant is not family-friendly , sells french food , and has a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant and french restaurant is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families .
for less than £20 , french restaurant the vaults can be found in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no families .
great french food is sold at the vaults restaurant . with a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed , the riverside café near the raja indian cuisine is sure to please .

the green man , near all bar one , is pub receiving customer ratings of 1 out of 5 .
near all bar one you can find a pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called green man .
the pub near all bar one is green man . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
rated 1 out of 5 , green man pub is near all bar one .
if you 're nearby all bar one , you can give the pub green man a try , although it currently gets low ratings from other customers - a 1 out of 5 .
the green man pub received a rating of 1 out of 5. it is located near all bar one .

there is a moderately priced restaurant in the city center , the waterman , that serves indian food . the price is moderate and it is near the raja indian cuisine .
the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant serving indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing .
the waterman is a moderate priced , child friendly restaurant that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a children friendly restaurant serving indian food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced .
there is a moderate priced , child friendly restaurant called the waterman , that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing moderately priced indian food . it is kid friendly and can be found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian cuisine with a moderate price range . kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , pub that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a family pub in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range pub located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside pub near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family pub in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a pub that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside pub serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill is an english pub near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
pub , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a pub that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
there is a pub on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
the mill is a kid friendly pub that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the pub raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the vaults is an up market french cuisine pub located in the city centre near to the raja indian cuisine pub
if you are looking for an up market french pub you should try the vaults which is located in the city centre close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a pub providing french food more than 30 pounds price range it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
the french pub 'the vaults ' is located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' with a price range of over £30 . they are not children friendly .
the pub 'the vaults ' is a french pub who are not children friendly with a price range of over £30 . they are located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' .
the vaults is a french food pub in the more than 30 pounds price range it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only

the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
located in the city centre , neighboring raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant styled joint called the plough . this establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced chinese food .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a restaurant located by the riverside located near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre . it serves chinese food and it has a high price range . it is child friendly .
a restaurant near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre , is the plough . it also provides chinese food . it has a high price range and is child friendly .

there is a low priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately cheap restaurant in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is child friendly and is in riverside .
a restaurant named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
there is a well priced restaurant the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant , the phoenix restaurant , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
the phoenix is a good restaurant near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
the phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .

the cricketers is a low customer rated restaurant that serves chinese food . you 'll spend less than twenty dollars . it is family friendly and located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers , a family-friendly restaurant near all bar one in the city centre , serves inexpensive chinese food . complaints have been made about the cricketers .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range . it is located near all bar one
the cricketers is in the center . of the city near all bar one , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . it is a restaurant which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating . it is located near all bar one in the center . of the city .
if you 're looking for a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers just may be your spot . for less than twenty dollars , you get chinese food . the customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . the cricketers is located in the city centre near all bar one .

found near crowne plaza hotel , clowns is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns that is near crowne plaza hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's called clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a popular coffee shop in clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop in clowns with a rating 5 out of 5 .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating , check out clowns near crowne plaza hotel .
5 out of 5 rated clowns coffee shop is located near crowne plaza hotel .
near crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop named clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

named the wrestlers , this children friendly pub serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our pub in the medium price range
the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost pub that provides japanese food .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly pub north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese pub in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that provides japanese food for a high cost . the pub is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers pub . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly japanese pub called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type pub called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers pub is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

a high priced pub that serves fast food is the phoenix , but has a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a high priced pub that serves fast food but is a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located near raja indian cuisine both in the city centre .
there is a pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , in the high price range . the phoenix provides fast food but no children friendly menu or services are offered .
the phoenix is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they serve fast food , no children menus or services , in a high price range .

take a trip to riverside , and down the road from rainbow vegetarian café you 'll find the vaults , an italian pub with good food , moderate prices , and good customer ratings .
at riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , eat at a choice pub that is n't kid-friendly , with a moderate price range called the vaults . customer rating : 3 out of 5 . food : italian .
the vaults is a moderate price range italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
there is an italian pub called the vaults that is not kid friendly . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café and in riverside . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
at riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , eat at this pub . it is n't kid-friendly , and has a moderate price range . called : the vaults . customer rating : 3 out of 5 . food : italian .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café sits the vaults , a moderately priced italian pub with average customer ratings .

the phoenix is a french pub near to riverside and crowne plaza hotel . it is kid friendly , has an average price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the three star pub , the phoenix , gives families an mid-priced dining experience featuring a variety of wines and cheeses . find the phoenix near crowne plaza hotel .
found near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix pub provides mid-priced wine and cheese dining for the whole family .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near the river and crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub serves food at mid range prices . it is family friendly and has a three star rating . it is based in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a riverside pub called the phoenix that has french food at an average price range . it is child friendly , located near crowne plaza hotel , and has a 3 customer rating .
in the riverside area , near the crowne plaza hotel , there is a kid friendly pub named the phoenix . it serves french food in the £20-25 price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a riverside french pub with an average price range of 20-25 pounds . it is near crowne plaza hotel , is kid friendly , and has a 3 customer rating .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly restaurant
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant with high customer ratings called the cricketers
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers are kids friendly restaurant in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers restaurant food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
a popular child friendly restaurant is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly restaurant called the cricketers with a high customer rating .
a kid friendly restaurant is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
a restaurant with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly restaurant located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers restaurant near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .

there is a french pub the phoenix with excellent customer rating . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , cheap and family-friendly .
the phoenix is a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating . it sells french food by the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre , you can bring your kids and get a cheap meal .
there 's a family-friendly pub called the phoenix selling french food . it 's rated 5 out of 5 and it 's cheap as well , you can find it by crowne plaza hotel in the city centre .
the cheap highly rated family-friendly pub called the phoenix is located in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food .
in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel , there is a cheap highly rated pub called the phoenix , which serves french food and is family-friendly .
the phoenix , a french , affordable pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with excellent customer service .

the waterman , sited near raja indian cuisine , luton , is a family-friendly pub serving italian food at mid-range prices .
in the city near raja indian cuisine there is a family-friendly italian pub with a price range of less than 20 euros named the waterman .
a family-friendly italian pub is the waterman . it has prices less than £20 and is located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre .
the waterman is a family-friendly pub offering italian food at reasonable prices , it is located near the raja indian cuisine , luton .
the waterman is a family-friendly italian pub near raja indian cuisine in the city with a price range of less than 20 euros
located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre , is the italian pub called the waterman . it has prices less than £20 .

the english pub , 'the punter ' , is a highly priced place near raja indian cuisine . the food has more of an adult taste to it .
catering a traditional english menu , the punter pub sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby raja indian cuisine . the punter is not considered child friendly .
there is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area called the punter . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
the punter is an english pub located along the river near raja indian cuisine . the prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .
the punter is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , you will find the pub the punter , serving a traditional english menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .

there is a restaurant near the all bar one in the city centre called the cricketers . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve chinese .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant is in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly . it is also located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near all bar one is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a not kids friendly chinese restaurant located near all bar one in city centre , with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range .
the cricketers located in the city centre near all bar one is not kid friendly , but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a restaurant serving chinese cuisine with a moderate price range .
located in the city centre near all bar one , the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that also serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre near to all bar one , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . it is not kids friendly .

the punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn serving highly rated indian food at a price range of £30 or more .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food in riverside near express by holiday inn . they have a high customer rating , are children friendly , but cost more than 30 pounds .
the punter is a riverside restaurant near express by holiday inn offering indian food for more than £30 . it is highly rated and is child friendly .
the punter is a restaurant that offers indian food that is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area . the price range is more than 30 euro 's and is kid friendly .
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant that offers indian food . the price is more than 30 euro 's and is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
although the punter restaurant costs more than 30 euros , they have great customer reviews and are children friendly . it is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
the punter is a highly rated child friendly restaurant offering indian food for more than £30 . they are located on the riverside near express by holiday inn

there is a moderately priced restaurant in the city center , the waterman , that serves indian food . the price is moderate and it is near the raja indian cuisine .
the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant serving indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing .
the waterman is a moderate priced , child friendly restaurant that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a children friendly restaurant serving indian food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced .
there is a moderate priced , child friendly restaurant called the waterman , that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing moderately priced indian food . it is kid friendly and can be found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian cuisine with a moderate price range . kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .

the phoenix is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately priced restaurant named the phoenix that serves fast food . the phoenix is kid friendly and is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a restaurant serving fast food near raja indian cuisine in the city center . the phoenix is kid friendly and moderately priced .
the phoenix fast food restaurant is kids friendly is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the phoenix has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the phoenix fast food café is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is kids friendly .

giraffe , a child-friendly restaurant located by the riverside serving french food , near raja indian cuisine .
if you are looking for a family-friendly restaurant that offers french eats , try the riverside area 's giraffe , located near the raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a family friendly restaurant . it serves french food in riverside setting , near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area there is a child friendly restaurant called giraffe . it provides french cuisine .
giraffe is a restaurant serving french food , located riverside near raja indian cuisine and is child-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant that has french food and is children friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
want to visit a restaurant that also serves french food , children-friendly near the raja indian cuisine go visit the giraffe .
the children friendly restaurant that has french food near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is giraffe .
the restaurant giraffe serves french food and is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
children friendly restaurant giraffe that serves french food can be found at riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults restaurant and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly , restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
family friendly french restaurant , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults , is a restaurant that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant and family restaurant called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly restaurant . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly restaurant and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults , a family friendly restaurant that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a french restaurant suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french restaurant near raja indian cuisine .

located in the city centre , in close proximity to fast food outlet rainbow vegetarian café , you will come across the vaults , a kids friendly pub serving italian cuisine . with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , prices fall into the moderate price range for this establishment .
the vaults is a pub type italian restaurant in the moderate price range with kids friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café with a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
'the vaults ' is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center . it has poor reviews but is perfect for kids and boasts reasonable prices .
the vaults pub , located in the city centre , offers moderately priced italian cuisine suitable for kids as well as adults . with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is an alternative to the rainbow vegetarian café located nearby .
the vaults is a pub type italian restaurant in the moderate price range with kids friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café with a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
italian pub , 'the vaults ' , is located in the city center near rainbow vegetarian café . the customer reviews are not great but the prices are reasonable and it has a child-friendly environment .

the pub , the phoenix near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside area . it is child friendly , serves french food , has a 3 out of 5 rating and can be a bit high in price .
the phoenix , serving three star french food to families , located next to crowne plaza hotel .
there is a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre called the phoenix which offers good food at a premium price .
the phoenix is a high price range french pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving high priced french food that is located near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside . it is child friendly and has customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
outside of the city centre and near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a 3-star rated pub . family friendly atmosphere with more wine than whine and cheese , be prepared to spend more here .
the phoenix is a pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves french food and has a high price range .
a better option than crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix , a 3-star pub . families can gather here for wine and cheese while spending more money than they would have at crowne plaza hotel .
next to crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix a family friendly three star french restaurant
the phoenix is by the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is a child friendly , pub , that has food ; the price is a bit high but they have a 3 out of 5 rating .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre which offers good food at a premium price .

the vaults is a restaurant serving indian food in the high price range . it 's child friendly and in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant that sells indian food , high price range , located in city centre , child friendly , located near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant offers indian food in the high price range . located in the center of the city , this child friendly dining choice is located near raja indian cuisine .
in the high price range , the vaults is a child friendly restaurant serving indian food in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
if you are near raja indian cuisine in city centre , check out the vaults . it is a high price restaurant that sells indian food . the vaults is also children friendly .
in the high price range , the vaults restaurant is a kid friendly restaurant located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine serves up indian food .

an expensive adult indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine located riverside is the waterman .
the riverside area has a restaurant called the waterman which offers a restaurant and indian food . it is located near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range . it is not child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant and restaurant located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is an expensive indian restaurant located riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .

the wrestlers , located north of the city center . near raja indian cuisine , is a moderately priced pub .
the wrestlers in riverside is a pub located near raja indian cuisine is child friendly , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating serves japanese food and costs more than £30 .
the wrestlers , a moderately priced pub , is located north of the city center . near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub is high-priced with great ratings . it is located near raja indian cuisine ,
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine . they have a high price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine located in riverside is a pub that is child friendly , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , serves japanese food that costs more than £30 .
near raja indian cuisine there is a japanese pub the wrestlers in riverside . their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30 .
the wrestlers has japanese food and is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly pub and has a price range more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlers pub is a family friendly sushi restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub serves sushi and is located near raja indian cuisine . they have a 5 out of 5 star customer rating and have a high price range .
there is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers in riverside . their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30 .

the mill is a pub with a service of fast food , in city centre near of café sicilia
the mill is a fun and family-friendly fast food pub located in the city centre , near café sicilia , with high quality food that merits a pretty penny .
if you are looking for a high quality , family-friendly dining experience in the heart of city centre , the mill is for you . this pub i near café sicilia and serves fast-food like it 's gourmet .
the mill is a pub that serves high priced fast food . near café sicilia in city centre , the place is children friendly and the customers rate it average .
the mill is located near café sicilia , in city centre , it 's a family-friendly pub with an average rating that serves fast food .
the mill located in centre city very close of café sicilia , is a pub with a high price range

the mill is a low-priced pub serving fast food , located by the riverside near café sicilia . it caters to adults and its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
at riverside near café sicilia , there is a pub called the mill which provides fast food . it is not family-friendly and is in the cheap price range . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub that provides fast food . it is located at riverside near café sicilia . it is not family-friendly , in the cheap price range and has a customer rating 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at great prices . it has gotten fantastic reviews . the mill is located riverside near café sicilia .
located at the riverside near café sicilia , the mill is a fast food pub with great ratings , and cheap prices . the mill offers a quiet setting with no amenities for children .
in the riverside area near café sicilia is a low-cost pub named the mill . it serves fast food catered towards adults and rates 5 out of 5 .

the vaults is a highly rated japanese pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it has a price range between £20-25 and is child friendly .
the vaults is a kid-friendly , average priced pub with a high customer rating in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults is kid-friendly , has average prices , and has a high customer rating .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , the vaults is a pub style japanese , low price , this restaurant is a good place for kids .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub with a price range typically between £20-2 . it has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults , is a japanese restaurant , is also a pub , this is a good place for kids , and is near rainbow vegetarian café , the price is not that bad and is located in the city center .

an adult indian restaurant near the raja indian cuisine and located riverside is wildwood .
wildwood is an indian restaurant near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and is located riverside .
wildwood is a restaurant providing indian food it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant providing indian food it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine , wildwood offers indian food and a restaurant . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant and indian food restaurant located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .

there is a very good fairly inexpensive pub that offers wine and cheese located next to the crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine tasting that is very good and fairly inexpensive located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub and french restaurant located outside of the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel .
located in riverside , the phoenix , a pub serving french cuisine , has a high rating among customers . the food ranges from £20-25 and is child-friendly . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale , family friendly pub that is located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a cute pub serving french food . the prices are average and the pub setting is child friend . you will find the phoenix in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is good for kids and a meal goes for £20-25 . it is a pub with french food and has a high rating . it is next to crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the phoenix offers an affordable five star dining experience for families . it is a french restaurant and pub outside of the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel .
if you happen to find yourself strolling riverside and getting a bit hungry be sure to stop in at the phoenix . the phoenix is a great coffee ship serving french cuisine at an affordable price . the phoenix is child friendly and near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale pub located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix , located riverside , is a child-friendly pub offering french cuisine ranging from £20-25 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a high customer rating .

there is a japanese food eat type restaurant by the name of the vaults that serves coffee near raja indian cuisine , it is is family friendly with a $ 20 or less price range .
the vaults is a 3 star , family friendly pub located by the margin of the river next to raja indian cuisine that provides japanese food for a cheap price .
the vaults is a riverside pub , situated near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and serves japanese food . yes , it is also family friendly . the customer rating is average .
the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a pub that welcomes family and is rated three out of five stars .
near raja indian cuisine is a japanese pub called the vaults by the riverside which is family friendly and is less than £20 with an average customer rating
the vaults is a pub that serves japanese food . it is located near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside . customer rating is average and yes , it is family friendly .
located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a family friendly , 3 star pub that provides japanese food for a low cost .
the vaults is a cheap pub near raja indian cuisine that is family friendly and three star rated .
there is a family friendly pub by the riverside near raja indian cuisine called the vaults which has an average customer rating and is family friendly with price of less than £20

the vaults is a restaurant which serves moderate priced french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is a french restaurant with a moderate price range , but is n't kid friendly , and it located near raja indian cuisine on riverside .
the vaults is a french restaurant in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant with french food near to raja indian cuisine
the vaults is on riverside has a moderate price its close to raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant called the vaults near raja indian cuisine that serves moderate priced food is in the riverside area and is for adults .

the vaults is not child-friendly but boasts an average rating , high prices in riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café . though considered a pub , it also offers italian food .
pub in riverside that also serves italian food : the vaults has got high prices , is not child-friendly and has an average rating . it is near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a high priced italian pub in riverside called the vaults . it is near rainbow vegetarian café and it is not children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the vaults is a pub serving italian food in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café , it has a high price range with an average customer rating and is not child friendly .
the vaults is a high priced italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating .
the vaults is a high-priced restaurant in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café with an average customer rating and is not child friendly .

the vaults restaurant serves french food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced
the vaults is a moderately priced restaurant . it is kids friendly and serves french food , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately priced restaurant serving french food called the vaults . it is in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine , it is kids friendly .
if you 've got kids in tow with a curious palate , why not try the vaults , a french style restaurant in the city centre - near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant serves french food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced
located in the city centre , the vaults is a moderately priced french style restaurant . it 's great for the kids , and located near the raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix is a moderate priced french pub located near crowne plaza hotel in riverside .
the phoenix is a reasonably priced pub offering a more adult experience by the riverside . it 's location near a crowne plaza hotel and misguided french bistro styling take to much from the experience to warrant a second visit .
for a moderately priced french-style pub on the riverside , come to the phoenix - a 1 star child-free experience just past the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub with moderate pricing located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel .
there resides a french pub that should have fallen into the riverside with its prices . the phoenix offers no respite for weary parents , but the crowne plaza hotel next door definitely does .
leave the children at crowne plaza hotel and come to the phoenix , a 1-star french-style pub down on the riverside .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly restaurant
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant with high customer ratings called the cricketers
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers are kids friendly restaurant in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers restaurant food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
a popular child friendly restaurant is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly restaurant called the cricketers with a high customer rating .
a kid friendly restaurant is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
a restaurant with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly restaurant located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers restaurant near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .

wildwood is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub that serves indiana food .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub . they also serve indian food . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that is children friendly that serves indian food and is near raja indian cuisine .
the pub serving indian food on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine is the wildwood . it is family friendly .
wildwood is a family friendly pub on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine offering indian food .
at riverside near raja indian cuisine , wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub .
a children friendly pub that serves indian food is wildwood and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called wildwood located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and serves indian food .
there is a pub that sells indian food in riverside near raja indian cuisine named wildwood . wildwood is family friendly .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside area . it is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside is a family friendly indian pub named wildwood , this pub is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is an indian pub in the riverside area . this pub is very family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside . it is a kid friendly place near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is a family friendly pub that offers indian food . it is in riverside and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the site wildwood is a pub type , it offers indian food , is located in riverside , is ideal for children and friends , and is near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a child friendly indian pub . it is located in riverside next to the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that sells indian food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are children friendly .
there is a pub wildwood that is located in riverside that serves indian food . it is children friendly and near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults pub is a family friendly three star venue situated close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a kid friendly italian pub in riverside . it 's near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's expensive and gets average customer ratings .
there is a high-priced italian pub called the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area that is child-friendly but has an average customer rating .
the vaults is an expensive italian pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
there is an average rated rainbow vegetarian café located on the riverside that provides pub type food . next door is a high priced italian eater named the vaults .
rainbow vegetarian café is children friendly , located on the riverside , has an average customer rating , provides pub quality food . there is a high price ranged italian eatery named the vaults nearby .
three star family friendly pub the vaults , is situated close to rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
the vaults is a pricey , family friendly italian pub in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's rated 3 out of 5 .
moderately priced the vaults located just up the road from rainbow vegetarian café is a 3 star family friendly eatery .
the vaults , an italian pub in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café is child-friendly with a high price range but an average rating .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café , in city centre . it has a 3 out of 5 star rating , it 's family friendly , but the food is pricey .

the mill is a pub with fast food in the city centre near café sicilia . it has a low rating , however you can eat for less than £20 .
the mill is a family-friendly pub offering fast food for less than £20 . it is in the city centre near café sicilia and has a low rating .
the mill is a fast food pub located in the city centre near café sicilia . its prices are less than 20 euros , and it has a low customer rating . it is also family-friendly .
the mill is a family-friendly pub located in the city centre near café sicilia . it has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 euros .
the mill pub is located near café sicilia in the city centre , it is family-friendly with fast food costing less than £20 but has a low customer rating
for fast food the mill pub located in the city centre , near café sicilia and has food under £20 price range . it has a low customer rating and is family-friendly

the cricketers restaurant near the crowne plaza hotel is not suitable for children .
an average rating , the cricketers , which is near the crowne plaza hotel is not a family-friendly restaurant .

the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
an expensive adult indian pub near raja indian cuisine located riverside is the waterman .
the waterman is an indian pub and pub located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
the waterman is an expensive indian pub located riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
the riverside area has a pub called the waterman which offers a pub and indian food . it is located near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range . it is not child friendly .

a moderate price range indian restaurant called the punter is near express by holiday inn in riverside . it has a poor customer rating and is not kid friendly .
the punter is a indian restaurant with medium prices located in riverside near express by holiday inn . customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn that is an indian restaurant called the punter . it is moderate price range with a one out of 5 customer rating that is not kid friendly .
the punter is a restaurant . it is located near express by holiday inn . it has a low customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a medium priced indian restaurant located in riverside near express by holiday inn .

located in riverside near café rouge there is a pub known as 'the mill ' . has a good customer rating , is child friendly and has a good price range for fast food .
the mill , located near café rouge , is a fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range - it is a kid friendly pub with a high customer rating in the riverside region of the city .
pub called 'the mill ' is child friendly and has a high customer rating . has an average price range serving fast food . located in riverside near café rouge .
the mill pub is a medium-priced restaurant that is a pub too . it has a excellent rating and is for the whole family . it 's located besides from café rouge
the mill pub is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range . it 's located besides café rouge has goddess rating and is for the whole family
there is a cheap pub the mill located next to café rouge that provides take-away deliveries .
located near café rouge by the riverside is a fast food and pub , the mill , with high customer ratings .
the mill is located in riverside , near café rouge , that provides a kid friendly environment in the £20-25 range - it is a pub with a high customer rating .
the mill is a low-priced pub outside the city centre next to café rouge that delivers take-away .

the phoenix is an amazing indian restaurant near the riverside . you can expect to spend 20 pounds or so , and there really is n't much for the kiddos . if you have trouble finding it , it 's near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix provides an indian restaurant experience at a reasonable price . rated highly it can be found near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside , but children are not welcome .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is an indian restaurant called the phoenix . it has a price range of 20-25 , is not kid friendly , and has a high customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is an indian restaurant called the phoenix . it is not kid friendly , has a price range of 20-25 and has a high customer rating .
highly rated indian restaurant the phoenix is located on the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . not kid friendly but average price .
there is a cool indian restaurant down close to the riverside called the phoenix . customers love it , and its super easy to find from the crowne plaza hotel parking lot . kids and coffee do n't mix , so be sure to not be that guy .
the phoenix indian restaurant is moderately priced and has high ratings . this is not a kid friendly establishment but is located near crowne plaza hotel in riverside .

the mill is an expensive family restaurant that is located near café rouge . it serves british food .
there is a children friendly restaurant called the mill located near the café rouge in the riverside area , it receives high customer ratings and is moderately priced at around £30 .
the mill is a children friendly high rated english restaurant located near café rouge in riverside with a price range of more than £30 .
the mill is in the northern city centre , on the south side of the river , near café rouge .
there is an english restaurant called the mill . it is near café rouge in the riverside area . it is children friendly and in the above £30 price range .
the mill is a highly rated , children friendly restaurant near café rouge in riverside . it has english food and the price range is more than £30 .
the highly rated the mill english restaurant is located in riverside near café rouge and has a price range of more than £30 .
the mill is a kid friendly , high customer rating and moderately priced restaurant located near café rouge in the riverside area .
the mill is an expensive family restaurant that serves british food . it is located near a café rouge .

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

in the city centre near café rouge is a kid friendly english food restaurant called the mill . it is rate 1 out of 5 stars .
the mill is an english restaurant in the town centre by café rouge , it is family-friendly rated 1 out 5 priced moderate .
the mill restaurant is moderate priced english good rated 1 out of 5 stars . it is in the city centre near café rouge and is kid friendly .
there is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called the mill . it serves moderately priced food in a kid-friendly environment and is located in the near café rouge in the city center .
the mill is a low-rated restaurant near café rouge in the city center . it serves moderately priced english food .
by café rouge in city centre is the mill british restaurant , family-friendly rated 1 out of 5 .

the punter restaurant offers cheap indian cuisine . has an average customer rating . located by the riverside near express by holiday inn . it is not family friendly .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is average .
located by the express by holiday inn , the punter restaurant offers low priced indian food .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is average .
the punter located by the express by holiday inn , is a restaurant that offers indian food at a cheap price range .
the restaurant named the punter has cheap indian food and an average customer rating . it is near the express by holiday inn on the riverside and is not family friendly .

there is a children friendly english restaurant in the riverside area . it is high price range . it is called the mill , and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is an english restaurant name the mill in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
the mill is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine and offers english food and is child friendly . it is in riverside and is expensive .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant near to raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve english food . the price range is high
the mill is a high priced restaurant , that offers english food and is kid friendly . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive child friendly restaurant in riverside called the mill that offers english food and it 's near raja indian cuisine .
the mill ' is a restaurant that serves expensive british food . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant near to raja indian cuisine which resides in the riverside are . it 's child friendly and serves english food . the price range is high
the mill its a restaurant for all family with good food located near raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill

the punter is an italian pub located in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is not a child friendly zone and it has a high price range .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is an italian pub called the punter . it is not child friendly , has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
an italian pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , the punter is adult only with a high price range and an average rating
the punter is an italian pub in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it is high price , not child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a high priced , average rated , adult only italian pub located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
indian food meets pub at the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this shop is family friendly and priced at less than 20 pounds .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman provides the atmosphere of a pub with indian food . at less than 20 pounds , it provides a family friendly setting for its customers right in the city centre .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .

there is a children friendly english restaurant in the riverside area . it is high price range . it is called the mill , and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is an english restaurant name the mill in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
the mill is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine and offers english food and is child friendly . it is in riverside and is expensive .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant near to raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve english food . the price range is high
the mill is a high priced restaurant , that offers english food and is kid friendly . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive child friendly restaurant in riverside called the mill that offers english food and it 's near raja indian cuisine .
the mill ' is a restaurant that serves expensive british food . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant near to raja indian cuisine which resides in the riverside are . it 's child friendly and serves english food . the price range is high
the mill its a restaurant for all family with good food located near raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill

near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a pub called the wrestlers that does japanese food . it has a low rating , is not child friendly and costs more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant with a low customer rating ad is not child friendly . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and a pub , the price range is more than 30 .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine is a japanese pub in riverside . it has a low rating and is more than £30 . it is not child friendly .
not recommended for children , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant with a low customer rating . located in riverside , it is near raja indian cuisine and a pub , price range is more than 30 .
the wrestlers is near raja indian cuisine and is a japanese pub in riverside . it has a low rating and is more than £30 . it is not child friendly .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a pub that does japanese food . it has a low rating , is not child friendly and costs more than £30 .

in the city center , near raja indian cuisine , the plough pub dishes out high class chinese eats , with an atmosphere that is not children friendly .
the chinese pub , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the price range is high and is n't children friendly .
in the city centre , the plough pub s is expensive . it offers chinese food and is not children friendly . it is located near to the raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre there is a pub called the plough . it serves chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly .
the plough , a pub in the city centre offering chinese food , is in the above average price range . it is located near the raja indian cuisine and is not children friendly .
the chinese pub , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this place is n't children friendly , as well as the price range being high .
the plough pub serves high priced chinese food in the city center , near raja indian cuisine . be advised , the plough is not children friendly .

the fast food pub called the mill located in riverside near café sicilia is not family-friendly but is cheap and has a average customer rating .
the mill is a fast food pub with an average customer rating . it is riverside near café sicilia with a cheap price range . it is not family-friendly
the mill is near café sicilia on riverside that serves fast food . they are cheap and for the family . pub style food .
there is a pub style food called the mill it 's fast food on riverside near café sicilia it is cheap and for the family .
there is a pub called the mill near café sicilia in riverside which has cheap fast food , an average customer rating but is not family-friendly .
not family-friendly , the mill is located riverside near café sicilia , and has an average customer rating . fast food with a low price range .

the cricketers restaurant has a riverside location close to all bar one . it is not family friendly and serves higher end chinese food .
the cricketers restaurant , near all bar one , serves high-end chinese food , it has a riverside location , average reviews and is not suitable for children
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
there is an expensive restaurant the cricketers , offering chinese food and is located at riverside near all bar one . it is not child friendly and has an average rating .
the cricketers is an expensive restaurant offering chinese food and has an average rating . it is not children friendly and is located at riverside near all bar one .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the riverside area , near all bar one . their price range is high with an average customer rating , and it is not child friendly .

the cricketers is in the city centre near all bar one but it is not children friendly . it is a restaurant that sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant that has chinese food , its price range is high , and its customer rating 1 out of 5 , it is in the city centre and no do n't bring your kids and its near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves expensive chinese food . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is in the city centre near all bar one but it is not children friendly .
a restaurant called the cricketers sells chinese food in is location in the city centre near all bar one . this place is n't child friendly and it has with a high price with and a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers , a restaurant , sells chinese food with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating . it is location in the city centre near all bar one and is n't child friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant which offers chinese food and has a high price range . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly . it is located near all bar one . it is located in city centre

there is a high rated coffee shop named cocum near café sicilia .
coffee shop cocum has a high customer rating and is located near café sicilia .
near café sicilia is a high rated coffee shop called cocum
coffee shop located near café sicilia called cocum with a high customer rating
there is a coffee shop named cocum located near café sicilia . the customer rating is high .
for a coffee shop with high customer rating near café sicilia , try cocum .

near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix . although is not kids friendly , the price ranges from £20-25 . customers gave it a high rating .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
highly rated french pub near crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix . it is not kids friendly . the price ranges from £20-25 .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly

the vaults , moderately priced pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , not kid friendly , 1 out of 5 rating .
a moderate priced pub , the vaults serves italian cuisine in an adult only establishment . rated 1 out of 5 , it is located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a moderate priced poor rated pub the vaults that offers italian food near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . it is not child friendly .
the vaults is a pub serving italian food . it is moderately priced , not kid friendly , rated 1 out of 5 , and is located near rainbow vegetarian café at the riverside .
the vaults is a poorly rated moderate price italian food pub . it is not child friendly and it is located in riverside by rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults , not kid friendly italian food , near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . moderate priced pub with a 1 out of 5 rating .

the mill , a low price family friendly breakfast and restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
for under £20 you can eat at the mill in riverside . it 's a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant with prices less that £20 . this english restaurant is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a low-priced family restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
there is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the mill which offers cheap food .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english restaurant called the mill . it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly .
there is an inexpensive and family friendly restaurant serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill .
the mill restaurant offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20 . we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
visit the mill , a low priced family friendly breakfast and restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our restaurant here at the mill . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than £20 .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .

the phoenix is a pub providing french food and is children friendly for more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a french café the phoenix located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel and is children friendly .
there is a french pub called the phoenix in city centre near crowne plaza hotel . the price range is more than £30 , a low customer rating but children are welcome .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the city center . it has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30 .
the phoenix pub serves french food for more than £30 in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is children friendly but has a low customer rating .
in the city center , the phoenix is a french pub with a family atmosphere . it is located next to the crowne plaza hotel with a low customer rating and a price point of more than £30 .

giraffe is a child friendly pub serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe is a fast food pub near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
the fast food pub called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a pub
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food pub is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly pub called giraffe which serves fast food .
giraffe is a children-friendly pub that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , pub located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a pub with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a pub in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
the pub , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly pub by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly pub style pub called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food pub in riverside .
giraffe , a pub with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a pub providing fast food for you and the kids .
fast food pub giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a children friendly pub on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
a pub with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , there is a pub offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
there is a pub called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food pub . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a kids-friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the pub giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
giraffe is a fast food pub . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
giraffe is a riverside pub which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly pub called giraffe that serves fast food .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub that has fast food called giraffe .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food at a high price . they are located near express by holiday inn in riverside . with an average rating and are not child friendly .
the punter restaurant serves indian food . it is near express by holiday inn near the riverside . it is not kid friendly and carries an average customer rating .
near express by holiday inn near the riverside is the punter indian food restaurant . it has a high price range with average customer ratings . it is not kid friendly .
the punter is a high priced restaurant that is not child friendly . it is located near express by holiday inn in riverside and have an average rating .
the punter , next to the river near express by holiday inn , is an expensive indian restaurant with average ratings and a reputation for not being child-friendly .
the punter is an expensive restaurant that serves indian food . it is located in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , and does not allow children . customer ratings are average .
an expensive adults-only riverside indian restaurant called the punter can be found near express by holiday inn , but it only has average ratings .

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

near the river is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café and is not family-friendly .
an english restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . however , not suitable for families .
the blue spice is a restaurant located by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not child friendly .
blue spice has a no children policy , it is a restaurant sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , by the riverside is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is not suitable for families .
a restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . not family-friendly but serves english food .
blue spice is a restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it serves english food but is not family-friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant serving english food . you 'll find it alongside the river near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it is n't a family-friendly establishment .
next to the river not far from rainbow vegetarian café is a no children restaurant blue spice which provides english breakfast .
the blue spice is not a family-friendly restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café just off the river .

the cricketers is a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range . it sells chinese food and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . this restaurant is kids friendly , and can be found in the riverside area near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant with moderately priced chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars . it is on the riverside near all bar one .
the cricketers is a 3 out of 5 stars chinese restaurant in the moderate price range near the all bar one by the riverside . it is kids friendly .
located in the riverside area , the cricketers is a restaurant that also sells chinese food . it is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly , and is within a moderate price range . this restaurant has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it can be found near all bar one in the riverside area .

a restaurant with english food is the cricketers which is in the city centre near café rouge . it is children-friendly , with an average customer rating , and is in the high price range .
the cricketers is an english restaurant in the city center near café rouge . the prices are quite high for an averagely rated place but it is child-friendly .
the cricketers , serving english food , has opened near café rouge in the city centre . they are a coffee type eatery , kid friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range .
the cricketers , near café rouge in the city centre , is a restaurant with english food . it is in the high price range and has an average customer rating . it is children-friendly .
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers has opened near café rouge in the city centre . they serve english food , have an average customer rating , and high prices .
the english restaurant 'the cricketers ' , is located in the city center near café rouge . it has average customer reviews with quite high prices . it is recommended for kids .

the vaults is pub with good italian food and price is less then 20 euros . located in city centre near by rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is low price range pub with italian food , located in city centre near by rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a poorly-rated italian pub in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is cheap and family-friendly .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub serving cheap italian food in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it has a low customer rating .
located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , the vaults is family-friendly with a low rating . it 's in the less than £20 price range and serves italian food .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub in the less than £20 price range with a low rating . it 's located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café and serves italian food .

the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop called zizzi located near the sorrento .
close to the sorrento you will be able to find a coffee shop called zizzi

for a central family friendly venue serving cheap chinese food , try the cricketers restaurant . it has average customer ratings and is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food in the city centre , near all bar one . it is family friendly and has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food at low prices . it is okay and is located in the city centre . it is family friendly and is near to all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant serving chinese food with okay reviews . it is located in the city centre near all bar one and is family friendly .
the cricketers restaurant is in the city centre near all bar one . it serves cheap chinese food and is family friendly with average customer ratings .

the vaults pub is family-friendly french food shop in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults pub is family-friendly french food in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
near raja cuisine , in the city centre is a pub offering french food . the vaults is cheap and family-friendly .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is a cheap , family-friendly french pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
french food can be found at the vaults which is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a family-friendly pub and has a price range of less than £20 .

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

the vaults restaurant has indian food at cheap prices . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside is an indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the vaults . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .
the vaults is an restaurant serving indian food . they are low cost and family friendly , located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an inexpensive , family friendly restaurant in riverside serving indian food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an indian restaurant located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .

the punter is a children friendly chinese pub with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
kids are welcome at the punter pub , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter pub offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
the punter is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese pub in they city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderately priced pub serving chinese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the punter is a moderately priced pub providing chinese food . it 's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly

indian pub the waterman is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the moderate price range and is kids friendly .
the waterman is an indian pub in the moderate price range , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly .
the waterman is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . they offer indian food at a moderate price range .
located near raja indian cuisine , the waterman , is an indian food serving pub . it is a moderate price , family friendly riverside establishment .
the waterman is a pub . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the waterman is a pub that serves moderately priced indian food and is kid friendly . they are located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman serves indian food . it has a moderate price range . its near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

giraffe is a restaurant that offers french food with a family-friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a restaurant located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . it offers french cuisine with a family-friendly atmosphere .
a family-friendly serving french food in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine , is the giraffe , a restaurant .
giraffe , a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre serving french food is located near raja indian cuisine .
city centre based restaurant near raja indian cuisine , giraffe is family-friendly and serves french cuisine .
the giraffe is a restaurant - family-friendly serving french food in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine

the wrestlers is a japanese pub located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this pub is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
average priced food at the wrestlers pub . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers pub located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly pub . this pub has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers pub is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers pub . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this pub can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese pub named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged pub located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .

the vaults is a highly rated japanese pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it has a price range between £20-25 and is child friendly .
the vaults is a kid-friendly , average priced pub with a high customer rating in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults is kid-friendly , has average prices , and has a high customer rating .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , the vaults is a pub style japanese , low price , this restaurant is a good place for kids .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub with a price range typically between £20-2 . it has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults , is a japanese restaurant , is also a pub , this is a good place for kids , and is near rainbow vegetarian café , the price is not that bad and is located in the city center .

the mill is an expensive family restaurant that is located near café rouge . it serves british food .
there is a children friendly restaurant called the mill located near the café rouge in the riverside area , it receives high customer ratings and is moderately priced at around £30 .
the mill is a children friendly high rated english restaurant located near café rouge in riverside with a price range of more than £30 .
the mill is in the northern city centre , on the south side of the river , near café rouge .
there is an english restaurant called the mill . it is near café rouge in the riverside area . it is children friendly and in the above £30 price range .
the mill is a highly rated , children friendly restaurant near café rouge in riverside . it has english food and the price range is more than £30 .
the highly rated the mill english restaurant is located in riverside near café rouge and has a price range of more than £30 .
the mill is a kid friendly , high customer rating and moderately priced restaurant located near café rouge in the riverside area .
the mill is an expensive family restaurant that serves british food . it is located near a café rouge .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

welcome to the the cricketers . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the city centre near café rouge . our price range is cheap .
the cricketers , located in the city centre , is an english food and restaurant located near café rouge . customers have rated it as average , with a cheap price range , and the establishment is kid-friendly .
the cricketers is an english food and restaurant . it is located in the city centre near café rouge and has been rated by customers as a kid-friendly , average place with a cheap price range .
welcome to the the cricketers . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the city centre near café rouge . our price range is cheap .

near the café sicilia is an average rated restaurant , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers restaurant food near the café sicilia
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
there is a children friendly , average rated restaurant called the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly restaurant , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for an average rated restaurant that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly restaurant called the cricketers .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant .
the cricketers is a restaurant near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
for a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is an average rated restaurant with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
near café sicilia there is a restaurant named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly restaurant located near the café sicilia .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
the cricketers restaurant is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia
for restaurant style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .

the mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving traditional english food . it is located near the café rouge .
the mill is located just below the river , near café rouge . it serves high priced british food . this restaurant is family friendly and rated three stars .
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating . it serves english food in the high price range
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge it serves english food in the high price range . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the mill is a high priced restaurant offering british food . it is family friendly and rated three stars . it can be found just below the river near café rouge .
located on the riverside , near café rouge , the mill is a high priced english restaurant with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
café rouge is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a restaurant with english food and a high price range called the mill .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant with english food . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is near café rouge in riverside .
the mill has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is a child friendly restaurant which serves english food in riverside near café rouge .
café rouge is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of the mill which is a restaurant with english food and a high price range .
near the café rouge is a restaurant called , the mill , that serves traditional english food . it is higher priced and suitable for families .

near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix . although is not kids friendly , the price ranges from £20-25 . customers gave it a high rating .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
highly rated french pub near crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix . it is not kids friendly . the price ranges from £20-25 .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly

a child friendly chinese restaurant called the cricketers , has a rating of 1 out of 5 , with a high price range and is located riverside , near all bar one .
the cricketers is a 1 out of 5 restaurant that serves chinese food in the high price range . the cricketers is situated at the riverside near all bar one . the cricketers is child friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee chop with chinese food . they have higher prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 . they are along the riverside near all bar one and allow children .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food at a high price . the cricketers has a 1 out of 5 rating but it is by all bar one at the riverside . the restaurant is child friendly ,
the cricketers is a high-priced restaurant near the all bar one in riverside . the cricketers offers coffee and chinese food ; it is child friendly and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a high priced restaurant that is located in riverside near the all bar one . it is child friendly and has chinese food .
if you like chinese food , there is a restaurant called the cricketers that has it . they charge higher prices and have a rating of 1 out of 5 . they are family friendly and are located on the riverside near all bar one .

near the river there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant near all bar one , it 's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
near all bar one , the cricketers offers chinese food and also serves as a highly-rated restaurant in riverside that is child-friendly . prices range above 30 pounds .
the cricketers restaurant , serving chinese food , prices from £30.99 , high profile , riverside , near all bar one , child friendly
the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food more than £30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant , serving
the cricketers restaurant makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than £30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the all bar one .

the cricketers is a restaurant that offers chinese food . it is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is located by all bar one in the riverside area .
the cricketers is a restaurant for adults , located on the riverside . it serves chinese food at a high price . customers rate it as 1 out of 5 . it is near a all bar one .
the cricketers is a non- child friendly restaurant near all bar one in the riverside area that serves chinese food . it has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant offering chinese food . it is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located by the riverside , near a all bar one . it is not children friendly .
in the riverside area near the all bar one there is a non child friendly restaurant . the cricketerss serves chinese food in a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a highly priced adult only restaurant that offers chinese food . it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located by all bar one in the riverside area .
the high priced chinese restaurant the cricketers , is based in the riverside area near to the all bar one . it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the vaults restaurant and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly , restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
family friendly french restaurant , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults , is a restaurant that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant and family restaurant called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly restaurant . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly restaurant and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults , a family friendly restaurant that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a french restaurant suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french restaurant near raja indian cuisine .

there is a moderately priced pub in the city center , the waterman , that serves indian food . the price is moderate and it is near the raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a moderate priced , child friendly pub that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is a pub serving indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing .
the waterman is a pub serving indian cuisine with a moderate price range . kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
there is a moderate priced , child friendly pub called the waterman , that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing moderately priced indian food . it is kid friendly and can be found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a children friendly pub serving indian food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced .

the phoenix , a french pub , serves dishes less than £20 near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre
the phoenix is a french pub average rated located in the city center near crowne plaza hotel . you pay less than £20 in a non family environment .
the phoenix is pub that serves average french food in city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly place with price less than £20 .
pub called the phoenix is located in city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it serves average french food with price range less than £20 . it is not family-friendly place .
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is french pub the phoenix serving dishes less than £20
french average rated pub in the city center where you pay less than £20 . the phoenix , non family , near crowne plaza hotel .

sitting on the riverside close to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a low cost restaurant . this is not a family friendly restaurant .
the vaults restaurant serves french for less than £20 . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . no families .
the vaults restaurant offers french cuisine at budget prices , but does not welcome families . it is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
restaurant , the vaults , is reasonably priced . located near raja indian cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
there is a no family-friendly restaurant the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside that provides french food in the cheap price range .
the vaults restaurant offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits , fondue , cheeseboards , french and italian dishes . it is not family-friendly . it is situated by the river , and near to the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a no family-friendly restaurant providing french food in the cheap price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults restaurant is not family-friendly , sells french food , and has a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant and french restaurant is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families .
for less than £20 , french restaurant the vaults can be found in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no families .
great french food is sold at the vaults restaurant . with a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed , the riverside café near the raja indian cuisine is sure to please .

the mill is a low priced pub located near the café sicilia by the river .
near café sicilia is located the mill . this can be found in the riverside area . the mill is a family friendly pub with great prices and average customer service .
located in riverside near café sicilia , the mill , with an average customer rating , is a family friendly fast food serving pub with a cheap price range .
the mill is an average , family friendly , and inexpensive fast food option in riverside . you can find this pub near café sicilia .
the mill is located near café sicilia in the riverside area . the mill is a very delegate pub that is family friendly and offers fast food , the customer rating is average and the prices are cheap .
the mill is an inexpensive pub which serves burgers and fries located along the river near café sicilia . it has three-stars and is family-friendly .
the mill is a family friendly fast food serving coffee ship with cheap price range and an average customer rating . it is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill pub has a good offer on soft drinks , potato fries and burgers . the quality is all right for the money and it is a family friendly local , nearby café sicilia .
the mill is a family-friendly affordable pub located north of the city centre by the café sicilia .
you wo n't pay much for fries , burgers and soft drinks at the mill pub , the quality is all right and it is close to café sicilia .
near café sicilia in riverside you will find the mill . it is your average pub with inexpensive fast food options and a family friendly environment .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers restaurant can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a restaurant selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a restaurant near raja indian cuisine by riverside .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food restaurant called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers restaurant which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the children friendly restaurant called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers restaurant serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .

city centre based pub near raja indian cuisine , giraffe is family-friendly and serves french cuisine .
giraffe is a pub located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . it offers french cuisine with a family-friendly atmosphere .
a family-friendly serving french food in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine , is the giraffe , a pub .
the giraffe is a pub - family-friendly serving french food in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine
giraffe , a family-friendly pub in the city centre serving french food is located near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub that offers french food with a family-friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix is a french pub near to riverside and crowne plaza hotel . it is kid friendly , has an average price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the three star pub , the phoenix , gives families an mid-priced dining experience featuring a variety of wines and cheeses . find the phoenix near crowne plaza hotel .
found near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix pub provides mid-priced wine and cheese dining for the whole family .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near the river and crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub serves food at mid range prices . it is family friendly and has a three star rating . it is based in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a riverside pub called the phoenix that has french food at an average price range . it is child friendly , located near crowne plaza hotel , and has a 3 customer rating .
in the riverside area , near the crowne plaza hotel , there is a kid friendly pub named the phoenix . it serves french food in the £20-25 price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a riverside french pub with an average price range of 20-25 pounds . it is near crowne plaza hotel , is kid friendly , and has a 3 customer rating .

the phoenix is a indian serving restaurant with prices between £20 and £25 . the customer rating is high with it being in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . unfortunately , the phoenix is not kid friendly .
the phoenix , a restaurant that serves indian food , has a price range of £20-£25 . the phoenix has a high customer rating and it is situated in the city centre by crowne plaza hotel . the phoenix is not child friendly .
the phoenix restaurant offers indian food in the price range of £20-25 . the customer rating is high and it is based in the city centre . not kids friendly . near crowne plaza hotel
an indian restaurant named the phoenix is not child friendly , has a high customer rating , with prices ranging from £20 to £25 , and is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an indian food restaurant located in the city center . price range is £20-25 . unfortunately not kid friendly . near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a restaurant with indian food ranging in 20-25 pounds . this establishment has high customer ratings . they are located in the centre of the city near crowne plaza hotel and do not allow children .
a centrally located restaurant called the phoenix has indian food in the price range of 20-25 pounds . they are not family friendly . they can be found near crowne plaza hotel .

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

the mill , an adult oriented restaurant serving english food , in riverside near café rouge , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
the mill , located riverside near the café rouge , is a moderately priced english restaurant with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
there is an english restaurant in riverside near café rouge called the mill . it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

the punter is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine there is a kid friendly moderately priced restaurant named the punter serving chinese food
for chinese food in riverside there is a moderately priced restaurant that is kid friendly named the punter near raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant in the riverside area serves coffee and chinese food . it is kid friendly and moderately priced . located near raja indian cuisine .

near raja indian cuisine , riverside , there is a children friendly italian restaurant named green man .
there is a child-friendly restaurant serving italian food named green man in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
have you visited green man ? its a children friendly italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine located by the riverside .
green man is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food near the raja indian cuisine along the riverside .

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

there is a low priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately cheap restaurant in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is child friendly and is in riverside .
a restaurant named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
there is a well priced restaurant the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant , the phoenix restaurant , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
the phoenix is a good restaurant near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
the phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .

the vaults is a moderately priced low rated japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
low rated japanese pub , the vaults is priced moderate near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
the vaults is a pub that has a moderate price range and japanese food with low ratings near raja indian cuisine in city centre with a moderate price range .
a pub called the vaults with japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine and the city centre . it is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in city centre near raja indian cuisine is the vaults that is a pub and japanese food place with low reviews and a price range of moderate .
a pub named the vaults with japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine and the city centre . it is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the mill is a kid friendly coffee with a high customer rating that serves fast food at a price range of £20-25 , located near café rouge in the city centre .
located near café rouge , the kid friendly , highly rated pub , the mill is kid friendly restaurant that also serves fast food with a price range £20-25 .
a family-friendly pub that serves fast food with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 , the mill , is located in the city centre , near café rouge .
the mill is a pub that also offers reasonably priced fast food around e20-e25 . they are located in the city center near café rouge . last year , they received high customer ratings and have been found very kid friendly .
the mill is a fast food restaurant located near café rouge in city centre . it is a high rated , kid friendly pub with a price range £20-25 .
there is a great pub named the mill located in the centre of the city near café rouge . they offer fast food , and are reasonably priced with meals costing around e20-e25 . they have a high customer rating and are very kid friendly .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers restaurant can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a restaurant selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a restaurant near raja indian cuisine by riverside .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food restaurant called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers restaurant which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the children friendly restaurant called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers restaurant serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .

the waterman italian pub is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area , it is child friendly however the is high price range .
a children friendly italian pub located near raja indian cuisine in the centre of the city named the waterman has high price range for a pub
a high priced italian pub and pub that is children friendly is called the waterman . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a italian pub and is child friendly , they are in the higher price range . it is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
a children friendly italian pub located near raja indian cuisine in the centre of the city named the waterman has high price range for a pub
the waterman is a high priced italian pub and pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .

found near crowne plaza hotel , clowns is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns that is near crowne plaza hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's called clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a popular coffee shop in clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop in clowns with a rating 5 out of 5 .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating , check out clowns near crowne plaza hotel .
5 out of 5 rated clowns coffee shop is located near crowne plaza hotel .
near crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop named clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving traditional english food . it is located near the café rouge .
the mill is located just below the river , near café rouge . it serves high priced british food . this restaurant is family friendly and rated three stars .
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating . it serves english food in the high price range
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge it serves english food in the high price range . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the mill is a high priced restaurant offering british food . it is family friendly and rated three stars . it can be found just below the river near café rouge .
located on the riverside , near café rouge , the mill is a high priced english restaurant with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
café rouge is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a restaurant with english food and a high price range called the mill .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant with english food . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is near café rouge in riverside .
the mill has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is a child friendly restaurant which serves english food in riverside near café rouge .
café rouge is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of the mill which is a restaurant with english food and a high price range .
near the café rouge is a restaurant called , the mill , that serves traditional english food . it is higher priced and suitable for families .

the phoenix shop and café sicilia is a fast food restaurant are located north of the city center .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside next to café sicilia .
café sicilia and the phoenix shop are a fast food restaurant located north of the city center .
the phoenix is a five star pub that is family friendly and serves american food . it is located in city centre next to café sicilia .
the phoenix is a family friendly , high rated , pub with fast food . it 's on the riverside by café sicilia with a price range of about 30 euros .
the phoenix , located in riverside , near the café sicilia , has a high customer satisfaction rating , and is ideal for fast food . it is a children-friendly location , and offers food in the more than £30 price range .
city centre has a great , five star pub called , the phoenix . it is family friendly and located next to café sicilia .
there 's a pub that has fast food with a high customer rating . its called the phoenix and it 's on the river side by café sicilia . it 's family friendly but expect to pay around 30 euros .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is a children-friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating . it is located in riverside , near the café sicilia . the price range is more than £30 .
the phoenix is a pub which sells fast food of great quality at high prices . they are family friendly and can be found just east of café sicilia on the river .

the punter is a non family friendly pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food for less
there 's a chinese and pub that 's less than £20 , near raja indian cuisine along the riverside that 's not really family friendly . it 's called the punter .
the punter pub and chinese is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's generally less than £20 but is n't family friendly .
there is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine called the punter . it is not family friendly and serves chinese food for less than £20 .
the punter is a pub providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .

there is a restaurant , the punter , serving chinese food along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced .
no kids in the punter , it is a chinese restaurant , on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , fairly moderate prices .
the punter is a restaurant serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near raja indian cuisine along the riverside and is not kids friendly .
the punter is a chinese restaurant that has a moderate price range , located near the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , my advice no children .
the punter is a restaurant which offers chinese food . it has a moderate price range . it is in a riverside area . it is not kids friendly and it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderate chinese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the river side . it is no kids friendly .
the punter is a chinese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the river side . price is moderate , no kids friendly .

the blue spice is a great pub along the riverside , and is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly , but serves chinese food .
blue spice , a pub located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café , serves chines food . it is not family friendly .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a non-family friendly pub along the riverside and near rainbow vegetarian café . its name is blue spice and serves chinese food .
blue spice is a pub that serves chinese food near the riverside and the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
blue spice pub in riverside serves chinese food . it is not family friendly and can be found near rainbow vegetarian café .

giraffe is a child friendly pub serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe is a fast food pub near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
the fast food pub called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a pub
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food pub is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly pub called giraffe which serves fast food .
giraffe is a children-friendly pub that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , pub located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a pub with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a pub in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
the pub , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly pub by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly pub style pub called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food pub in riverside .
giraffe , a pub with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a pub providing fast food for you and the kids .
fast food pub giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a children friendly pub on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
a pub with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , there is a pub offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
there is a pub called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food pub . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a kids-friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the pub giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
giraffe is a fast food pub . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
giraffe is a riverside pub which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly pub called giraffe that serves fast food .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub that has fast food called giraffe .

the mill is an english restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it sells things for less than £20 and is family-friendly .
the mill , is a restaurant and is family-friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20 . it serves english food and is a restaurant .
the mill is a cheap , family-friendly , restaurant serving english food . they are near to raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is a cheap english restaurant . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is family-friendly .
the mill , is a restaurant and is family-friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

near café sicilia , the mill , is a fast food pub - not child friendly , with a high price range and average customer rating in the riverside area ,
the mill is based in the riverside area near café sicilia . it offers fast food .
the mill is a pub , located in the area of riverside , near the café sicilia .
the mill is a fast food pub in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the mill is a pub , located in the area of riverside , near the café sicilia .
the mill , is a fast food pub - not child friendly , with a high price range and average customer rating in the riverside area , near café sicilia

the cricketers is a low customer rated restaurant that serves chinese food . you 'll spend less than twenty dollars . it is family friendly and located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers , a family-friendly restaurant near all bar one in the city centre , serves inexpensive chinese food . complaints have been made about the cricketers .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range . it is located near all bar one
the cricketers is in the center . of the city near all bar one , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . it is a restaurant which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating . it is located near all bar one in the center . of the city .
if you 're looking for a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers just may be your spot . for less than twenty dollars , you get chinese food . the customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . the cricketers is located in the city centre near all bar one .

near burger king is a pub called blue spice which has an average customer rating .
the blue spice pub near burger king has good customer ratings with excellent food and service , with a lovely atmosphere .
near burger king is the blue spice pub . it has average customer ratings .
average customer rating pub include blue spice near burger king .
located near burger king is a pub named blue spice that has an average customer rating .
the blue spice pub located near burger king has been rated average by customers .
burger king is near the pub blue spice which has an average customer rating .

the vaults is a japanese pub located near rainbow vegetarian café , in the riverside area . it is not family-friendly and it is rated and priced averagely .
there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside . its name is the vaults . it provides japanese food . the price range and its rating is average but it is n't family-friendly .
the vaults offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
riverside pub near rainbow vegetarian café , the vaults , offers japanese food and has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is not kid-friendly , but average price .
the vaults offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the vaults is an averagely price pub located in the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café with a 3 out of 5 rating and offering japanese food . this restaurant is not child-friendly .

for a high priced , well reviewed french food , the phoenix is pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area and is not child friendly .
on the riverside there is a reasonably prices pub called the phoenix located near crowne plaza hotel that is kid friendly and rates a 5 out of 5 .
near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area there is a cheap pub called the phoenix that serves french food and welcomes children that customers have rated a 5 out of 5 .
in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel there is a pub called the phoenix that serves french food costing more than £30 . it is not children friendly and has a customer rating of five out of five .
the phoenix is pub with french food . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and has a price range of over £30 . it is not child friendly . it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the phoenix is a french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area with a customer rating of five out of five . it is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

restaurant called the cricketers is family-friendly , sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , it is located in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly .
the cricketers is a highly rated english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it is cheap and family-friendly .
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant near café rouge that is family-friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating .
the city centre has an english restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating called the cricketers . it is near café rouge , is family-friendly and cheap .

the wrestlers is a family-friendly , japanese , pub located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . however , it has a low customer rating and the meals cost more than 30 pounds .
the wrestlers is a child-friendly japanese pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it receives low customer ratings and is in the high price range .
the wrestlers japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre welcomes children but is costly at more than £30 and has a low customer review .
there is a japanese pub called the wrestlers , near the city centre raja indian cuisine . it is family-friendly but has a low customer rating and costs more than 30 pounds .
yes it loves to have children . serving japanese food , called the wrestlers , although has a low customer review , situated close to raja indian cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £30 ,
the wrestlers is an expensive , child-friendly japanese pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it receives low customer ratings .

the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost restaurant that provides japanese food .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers restaurant . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end restaurant that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly restaurant north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end restaurant north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly restaurant that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese restaurant in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our restaurant in the medium price range
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type restaurant called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
named the wrestlers , this children friendly restaurant serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers restaurant is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that provides japanese food for a high cost . the restaurant is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .

if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly pub called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly pub located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly pub the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a children-friendly pub that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
there is a high priced range pub called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is pub serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults pub offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults pub offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .

the mill , an adult oriented restaurant serving english food , in riverside near café rouge , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
the mill , located riverside near the café rouge , is a moderately priced english restaurant with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
there is an english restaurant in riverside near café rouge called the mill . it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

the vaults is a restaurant which serves moderate priced french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is a french restaurant with a moderate price range , but is n't kid friendly , and it located near raja indian cuisine on riverside .
the vaults is a french restaurant in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant with french food near to raja indian cuisine
the vaults is on riverside has a moderate price its close to raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant called the vaults near raja indian cuisine that serves moderate priced food is in the riverside area and is for adults .

the waterman , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , is a cheap indian pub its not the most family friendly .
there is a inexpensive indian pub called the waterman , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre its not for all the family .
there is a pub in the city centre serving indian food and costing less than £20 . it 's called the waterman and is near raja indian cuisine . not family friendly .
there is a cheap pub the waterman located in the centre of the city by the not family friend raja indian cuisine that provides indian food at less then less than £20 .
the waterman is a pub that serves indian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre . not family friendly .
there 's a non family friendly indian pub called the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the city center for less than £20 .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the low price range . it is located in the city centre however not family friendly it is near raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

sitting on the riverside close to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a low cost restaurant . this is not a family friendly restaurant .
the vaults restaurant serves french for less than £20 . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . no families .
the vaults restaurant offers french cuisine at budget prices , but does not welcome families . it is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
restaurant , the vaults , is reasonably priced . located near raja indian cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
there is a no family-friendly restaurant the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside that provides french food in the cheap price range .
the vaults restaurant offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits , fondue , cheeseboards , french and italian dishes . it is not family-friendly . it is situated by the river , and near to the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a no family-friendly restaurant providing french food in the cheap price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults restaurant is not family-friendly , sells french food , and has a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant and french restaurant is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families .
for less than £20 , french restaurant the vaults can be found in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no families .
great french food is sold at the vaults restaurant . with a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed , the riverside café near the raja indian cuisine is sure to please .

the vaults is an up market french cuisine pub located in the city centre near to the raja indian cuisine pub
if you are looking for an up market french pub you should try the vaults which is located in the city centre close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a pub providing french food more than 30 pounds price range it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
the french pub 'the vaults ' is located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' with a price range of over £30 . they are not children friendly .
the pub 'the vaults ' is a french pub who are not children friendly with a price range of over £30 . they are located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' .
the vaults is a french food pub in the more than 30 pounds price range it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only

near the river there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant near all bar one , it 's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
near all bar one , the cricketers offers chinese food and also serves as a highly-rated restaurant in riverside that is child-friendly . prices range above 30 pounds .
the cricketers restaurant , serving chinese food , prices from £30.99 , high profile , riverside , near all bar one , child friendly
the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food more than £30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant , serving
the cricketers restaurant makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than £30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the all bar one .

there is a high price restaurant , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .
located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
the waterman is a restaurant that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers is an adult only restaurant , that is low cost .
near raja indian cuisine there is a restaurant called the wrestlers that offers less than £20 italian food and is by the river side . kids not welcome
the wrestlers is a restaurant that provides pasta in the low price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine that provides pasta .
the wrestlers is located close to raja indian cuisine . they are a restaurant with low prices .
the wrestlers is a restaurant close to raja indian cuisine with low prices and not family friendly .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area you can find the wrestlers . this adult restaurant serves inexpensive italian food .
the wrestlers is a low cost restaurant . it is by raja indian cuisine , and is adult only .

the phoenix is a cheap , average restaurant that serves authentic indian food . it is located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn . the phoenix is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant located near express by holiday inn in the city that provides indian food .
the phoenix , located in the city centre , is a small and authentic indian restaurant . the phoenix is mediocre shop but it offers fast , cheap food . it is across from express by holiday inn and is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant that offers indian food for a cheap price with an average rating . in the area of city centre near express by holiday inn , not family friendly .
the phoenix is an average indian restaurant located in the city centre near express by holiday inn , they are adult only and cheap .
there is a cheap restaurant the phoenix . it is a restaurant that offers indian food with an average customer rating . it is in the city centre area near express by holiday inn , it is not family friendly .

the punter is a moderately priced restaurant located in the city centre . it provides chinese food . it is not kids friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in city centre , enjoy a moderately priced chinese lunch and coffee at the punter . this restaurant does not cater to children .
the punter is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city city . it is moderately priced and serves chinese food . children are not welcome .
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food and does not welcome children .
the punter is a restaurant that provides chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly .
moderately priced adult-only chinese restaurant , the punter , can be found in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a non kid friendly restaurant and moderately priced chinese establishment located in city centre , near raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is not child friendly and you can find it in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the city centre area nearby all bar one . they have an average customer rating , a high price range , and are not child-friendly .
in the city centre near all bar one , there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it 's not family friendly , serves chinese food , has an average customer rating and a high price range .
the cricketers is an adults only restaurant in the city centre . also offers chinese food . the prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average . located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant near all bar one has a high price range and an average customer rating .
the cricketers restaurant serving chinese food near all bar one is not children friendly has and average customer rating .
the cricketers is a non-child friendly chinese restaurant with an average customer rating . they have a high price range and are in the city centre area nearby all bar one .

the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is not child friendly and you can find it in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the city centre area nearby all bar one . they have an average customer rating , a high price range , and are not child-friendly .
in the city centre near all bar one , there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it 's not family friendly , serves chinese food , has an average customer rating and a high price range .
the cricketers is an adults only restaurant in the city centre . also offers chinese food . the prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average . located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant near all bar one has a high price range and an average customer rating .
the cricketers restaurant serving chinese food near all bar one is not children friendly has and average customer rating .
the cricketers is a non-child friendly chinese restaurant with an average customer rating . they have a high price range and are in the city centre area nearby all bar one .

the phoenix shop and café sicilia is a fast food restaurant are located north of the city center .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside next to café sicilia .
café sicilia and the phoenix shop are a fast food restaurant located north of the city center .
the phoenix is a five star pub that is family friendly and serves american food . it is located in city centre next to café sicilia .
the phoenix is a family friendly , high rated , pub with fast food . it 's on the riverside by café sicilia with a price range of about 30 euros .
the phoenix , located in riverside , near the café sicilia , has a high customer satisfaction rating , and is ideal for fast food . it is a children-friendly location , and offers food in the more than £30 price range .
city centre has a great , five star pub called , the phoenix . it is family friendly and located next to café sicilia .
there 's a pub that has fast food with a high customer rating . its called the phoenix and it 's on the river side by café sicilia . it 's family friendly but expect to pay around 30 euros .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is a children-friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating . it is located in riverside , near the café sicilia . the price range is more than £30 .
the phoenix is a pub which sells fast food of great quality at high prices . they are family friendly and can be found just east of café sicilia on the river .

the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop , with 3 out of 5 customer rating it 's near crowne plaza hotel .
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the crowne plaza hotel and holds a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop coffee shop . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers , a children friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near to crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
given 3 out of 5 , the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
the child friendly coffee shop called the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel
near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers , which has average customer ratings and provides a kids-friendly atmosphere within a coffee shop .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop boasting a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

a exceptional coffee shop where kids are welcome and is minutes from café sicilia is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located next to the café sicilia . it has a high customer rating and child friendly environment .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with high customer rating . it is located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a coffee shop , located near café sicilia , that is highly rated by its customers and is child friendly .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . it is located near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is a great youngster welcoming coffee shop located by café sicilia .
the highly rated coffee shop the cricketers , is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with a high customer rating .

the waterman is an indian restaurant providing meals less than £20 . it is located near the riverside and raja indian cuisine and is non family friendly .
raja indian cuisine is close to a competitor the waterman where indian food is served for less than £20 a plate in the riverside area not to families
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is , the waterman . a restaurant serving indian food . a not so family friendly restaurant with meals less than £20 .
the waterman restaurant is not family friendly but serves indian food for under £20 in the riverside area right near raja indian cuisine
non family friendly restaurant serving indian food for less than £20 . on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is the waterman .
the waterman restaurant serves indian food for less than £20 on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the waterman is a less than £20 indian restaurant located near the raja indian cuisine and riverside however it is not family friendly .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

for a high priced , well reviewed french food , the phoenix is pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area and is not child friendly .
on the riverside there is a reasonably prices pub called the phoenix located near crowne plaza hotel that is kid friendly and rates a 5 out of 5 .
near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area there is a cheap pub called the phoenix that serves french food and welcomes children that customers have rated a 5 out of 5 .
in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel there is a pub called the phoenix that serves french food costing more than £30 . it is not children friendly and has a customer rating of five out of five .
the phoenix is pub with french food . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and has a price range of over £30 . it is not child friendly . it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the phoenix is a french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area with a customer rating of five out of five . it is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .

the punter is a pub located at riverside near raja indian cuisine serves english food and a family friendly place that a cheap price range of food .
the punter is a family friendly pub . it serves low price range english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a cheap family friendly pub on riverside called the punter , they serve english food , and are located near raja indian cuisine .
come visit riverside and eat some english food at the punter family friendly pub for a cheap price . found near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a family friendly pub which offer english food for a cheap price . located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub serving cheap english food and is great for families .
the punter is a cheap pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , they serve english food and our family friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is a cheap family friendly english pub called the punter .
the punter is a cheap family friendly english pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .

if you 're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a pub that serves chinese food , the punter is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than £30 . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub the punter located near raja indian cuisine . they offer chinese food in the price range of more than £30 . they are children friendly and located riverside .
the punter pub has chinese food and is family friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the is a pub that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . it 's called the punter and it 's children friendly . its located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
situated in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find a child-friendly pub with chinese food on the menu called the punter . the prices tend to be more than £30 .
the punter is a pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine , where they serve chinese food , it 's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it 's a children friendly facility .
the punter pub has chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .

the wrestlers is a restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant in the low price range that serves pasta . it is located near raja indian cuisine and has a public restroom .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low price range in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine with a low price range .
the wrestlers restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine that serves pasta in the low price range . public restrooms available .

an italian pub called the wrestlers is a pub in the area of riverside located near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly place with a high price range of more than £30 .
a children friendly pub near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers is located in riverside and is italian food for more than £30 .
a pub that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
a pub that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
if you 're looking to spend more than £30 , there is a children friendly pub that has italian food near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a children friendly pub that is located in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve italian food with a high price range of more than £30

if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix restaurant . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and restaurant called the phoenix .
the children friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
a high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the restaurant is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
family friendly , the phoenix restaurant which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there is a family friendly restaurant called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix restaurant offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
there 's a restaurant named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .
the phoenix is a high price restaurant located by raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a fast food , restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the restaurant is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .

located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the vaults is a japanese pub with a low rating , moderate prices , and lacking a child friendly atmosphere .
a japanese pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , the vaults is moderately priced , not child friendly , with a low customer rating .
the vaults near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a pub offering japanese food for less than £20 . it is not family-friendly with a low customer rating .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly , less than 20 euros , and sells japanese food in the center of the city . customers give it a low rating , it is located near raja indian cuisine .
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine you can get japanese food at the vaults pub . it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly , less than 20 euros , and sells japanese food in the center of the city . customers give it a low rating , it is located near raja indian cuisine .

the zizzi is a pub along the river .
zizzi is a riverside pub .
you can find a pub named zizzi in the riverside area .

the mill is a moderately priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is not the type of place people bring their kids .
the mill is a non kids friendly restaurant , that has moderate price ranged english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
the mill is a restaurant which serve english food . the location is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . the place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
a restaurant which serve english food in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine is a restaurant called the mill with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place .
in the city center near raja indian cuisine , there is a non kids friendly restaurant named , the mill . the price range is moderate and they have english food .
there is a restaurant named the mill in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .

the vaults restaurant and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly , restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
family friendly french restaurant , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults , is a restaurant that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant and family restaurant called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly restaurant . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly restaurant and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults , a family friendly restaurant that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a french restaurant suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french restaurant near raja indian cuisine .

the restaurant called the punter sells indian food and is not children friendly . it is located in the center of city by express by holiday inn , the rating is high , and the price range is more than £30 .
near the city centre , the punter is a restaurant providing indian cuisine . they charge higher prices and have high customer ratings . they do not allow children . they can be found near express by holiday inn .
a restaurant with a high rating is the punter . they offer indian food at higher prices . they do not allow children and they can be found near express by holiday inn .
in the city centre , near express by holiday inn , you will find the punter . it is a non children-friendly restaurant that serves indian food . while its price range is quite high , more than £30 , it has a high customer ratings .
if you are looking for a non children-friendly restaurant , with prices around £30 , but with high customer ratings , the punter is for you . it serves indian food and it is located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a high rated restaurant found in the city centre near express by holiday inn , that sells indian food , with a price range of over £30 , not child friendly .
the punter , situated near express by holiday inn in the city centre , is an indian food selling restaurant , with a high customer rating due to the price range of more than £30 , not child friendly .

the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly restaurant near ranch .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly restaurant near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch that has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch .
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly restaurant called , the cricketers
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . low rating near the ranch .
a family-friendly restaurant known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating located near ranch .
near ranch is a child friendly restaurant called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a child-friendly restaurant located near ranch with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch , but its customer rating is low .

cocum , a pub located near express by holiday inn , has low customer ratings .
there is a one star pub cocum located near express by holiday inn
cocum is a pub near express by holiday inn with food at low prices .
cocum pub near express by holiday inn received a low customer rating .
cocum is a pub , near express by holiday inn , with a low customer rating .
cocum pub is a one star pub located next to express by holiday inn
if you are looking for a meal at a bargain price in the express by holiday inn area , visit cocum pub .

there is a high priced pub , called the vaults , near raja indian cuisine by the riverside that provides japanese food . it rates 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly .
by the riverside is a pub called the vaults that serves japanese food near raja indian cuisine . it is rated average , not child friendly and priced a bit high .
the vaults is an expensive japanese pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine that is not child friendly . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a high priced pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and is not child friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside is a high priced japanese pub , rated 3 out of 5 , called the vaults . it is not children friendly .
an average rated , not child friendly pub called the vaults is priced high . it is near raja indian cuisine , serves japanese food and is by the riverside .

near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is the wrestlers a restaurant with italian food . it is moderately-priced and is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian restaurant . it is near raja indian cuisine , is not kids friendly , and is in the city center .
located in the centre of the city , close to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers is a restaurant offering italian food .
the wrestlers is a restaurant in the city centre area , offering moderately priced italian food near raja indian cuisine . it is best suited for couples .
the wrestlers is a moderately-priced italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is an italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city center . it is moderately priced , and is not kids friendly

there is a very good fairly inexpensive pub that offers wine and cheese located next to the crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine tasting that is very good and fairly inexpensive located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub and french restaurant located outside of the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel .
located in riverside , the phoenix , a pub serving french cuisine , has a high rating among customers . the food ranges from £20-25 and is child-friendly . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale , family friendly pub that is located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a cute pub serving french food . the prices are average and the pub setting is child friend . you will find the phoenix in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is good for kids and a meal goes for £20-25 . it is a pub with french food and has a high rating . it is next to crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the phoenix offers an affordable five star dining experience for families . it is a french restaurant and pub outside of the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel .
if you happen to find yourself strolling riverside and getting a bit hungry be sure to stop in at the phoenix . the phoenix is a great coffee ship serving french cuisine at an affordable price . the phoenix is child friendly and near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an upscale pub located on the river next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix , located riverside , is a child-friendly pub offering french cuisine ranging from £20-25 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a high customer rating .

the vaults restaurant serves french food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced
the vaults is a moderately priced restaurant . it is kids friendly and serves french food , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately priced restaurant serving french food called the vaults . it is in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine , it is kids friendly .
if you 've got kids in tow with a curious palate , why not try the vaults , a french style restaurant in the city centre - near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant serves french food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced
located in the city centre , the vaults is a moderately priced french style restaurant . it 's great for the kids , and located near the raja indian cuisine .

the vaults pub is not family-friendly , sells french food , and has a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub offers french cuisine at budget prices , but does not welcome families . it is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub and french pub is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families .
the vaults pub serves french for less than £20 . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . no families .
for less than £20 , french pub the vaults can be found in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no families .
the vaults pub offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits , fondue , cheeseboards , french and italian dishes . it is not family-friendly . it is situated by the river , and near to the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a no family-friendly pub providing french food in the cheap price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
there is a no family-friendly pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside that provides french food in the cheap price range .
great french food is sold at the vaults pub . with a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed , the riverside café near the raja indian cuisine is sure to please .
pub , the vaults , is reasonably priced . located near raja indian cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
sitting on the riverside close to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a low cost pub . this is not a family friendly pub .

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

there is a low priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately cheap restaurant in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is child friendly and is in riverside .
a restaurant named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
there is a well priced restaurant the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant , the phoenix restaurant , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
the phoenix is a good restaurant near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
the phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .

with a cheap price range along the riverside , the restaurant named the phoenix is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the restaurant 'the phoenix ' is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly restaurant in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is cheap and family friendly .
riverside has a cheap fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine named the phoenix . it 's family-friendly .
riverside restaurant the phoenix fast food price range same raja indian cuisine
cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at the phoenix restaurant . situated riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly restaurant in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly the phoenix is a cheap restaurant serving fast food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the kids-friendly restaurant called the waterman near riverside next to raja indian cuisine also serve indian foods with high price .
there is an above average priced restaurant called the waterman , located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the venue is child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . this kid friendly place has above average pricing .
the waterman is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine near riverside . it serves indian food with high-priced menu .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian food at a price range of over £30 . it is on the riverside , is child-friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food at more than £30 . it is child friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the vaults pub offers indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine sits a high priced pub called the vaults , that offers indian food at a non child friendly establishment .
a high priced pub called the vaults serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine but is not family friendly .
the vaults is a pub that provides indian food at a higher cost . they are located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine and do not allow children .
the vaults is a high priced pub serving indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , not family friendly .
an option for indian cuisine is the vaults . this is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . this establishment costs more than others and does not allow children .
this non kid friendly pub called the vaults , can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers indian food at a high price range .

there is a low priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately cheap restaurant in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is child friendly and is in riverside .
a restaurant named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
there is a well priced restaurant the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant , the phoenix restaurant , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
the phoenix is a good restaurant near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
the phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .

located near all bar one , the clowns pub has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near all bar one there is a pub named clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
near all bar one the clowns pub is rated 3 out of 5 .
a pub called the clowns has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near all bar one .
good customer score of 3 out of 5 clowns pub is a recommended place to eat . located near the all bar one .
for a 3 out of 5 star customer rated pub near all bar one , clowns is relatively expensive .

the punter is a restaurant offering indian food at a high price . it is in the city centre near express by holiday inn . it has an average customer rating and is children friendly .
the punter , and indian restaurant , is high priced family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating located near express by holiday inn in city centre .
the punter is family friendly with an average rating . it is a restaurant serving indian food at a high price . it is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn .
with an average customer review , the punter is a restaurant serving indian food . if you would like to go , they are near express by holiday inn in the city center . keep in mind that it is expensive , but also children friendly .
a family friendly indian restaurant that is high priced is located near express by holiday inn in city centre . the punter has an average customer rating .
the punter is near express by holiday inn in city center and is an indian restaurant . it has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
near express by holiday inn in city center there is an indian restaurant called the punter . it has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .

near all bar one is the strada pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a few steps of the all bar one , there is a pub called strada with with negative feedback from its customers .
rated 1 out of 5 , strada is a pub close to all bar one .
the strada is a pub near all bar one that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

near burger king you can try the average zizzi coffee shop .
close by burger king , is zizzi . an average rated coffee shop .
customers rate zizzi coffee shop , near burger king , average .
customers have rated the zizzi coffee shop situated near burger king as average .
the zizzi coffee shop is located near burger king . it has an average customer rating .
an average rated coffee shop called zizzi is nearby burger king .

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

there is a low priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately cheap restaurant in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is child friendly and is in riverside .
a restaurant named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
there is a well priced restaurant the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant , the phoenix restaurant , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
the phoenix is a good restaurant near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
the phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .

the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it is by the riverside , serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 .
at the riverside , nearby raja indian cuisine , there is a child friendly restaurant called the phoenix which serves fast food , for which you can expect to pay more than £30 .
the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant that serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 . it is by the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
for a fast food restaurant with a price range more than £30 there is the phoenix in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is also children friendly .
the phoenix restaurant is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £30 . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is children friendly with a price range more than £30 per head .

the pub , wildwood in the city centre near raja indian cuisine serves some indian dishes . it 's adults only but .
pub and indian food venue , wildwood , is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine and is not considered family friendly .
there is a non-family friendly pub called wildwood in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , which serves indian food .
located near raja indian cuisine in city centre is a pub named wildwood . this pub provides indian food and is not family friendly .
there is a pub named wildwood in the city centre that provides indian food near raja indian cuisine and they are not family friendly .
there 's a pub that serves indian food in the city centre , wildwood . it 's down near raja indian cuisine , although it does n't allow kids .
in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine , lies the wildwood . it is a pub which also offers indian food . the venue is not family friendly .

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and the customer rating is 1 out of 5 . friendly for kids .
there is a friendly for kids pub called the wrestlers which provides japanese food in the moderate prices . it is situated in the city centre near to the raja indian cuisine with 1 out of 5 customer rating .

near crowne plaza hotel is a highly acclaimed , kid friendly pub , the phoenix
the phoenix is a pub serving french food located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . they have high customer ratings , and are child friendly prices are in the range of £20-25 .
selling french food , the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel
'the phoenix ' is a kid-friendly french pub . it is a reasonably priced place with high quality reviews . it is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city center .
a child friendly pub is the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . priced around £20-25 , they serve french food , and are rated highly by customers .
in the city center near crowne plaza hotel , there is a french pub called 'the phoenix ' . it has a child-friendly environment with reasonable prices and excellent customer reviews .

the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food . it is cheaply priced , family friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located riverside near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant offering chinese food in the low price range with a high rating . it is family friendly located in riverside near all bar one .
located riverside , near all bar one , is the cheap restaurant , the cricketers . chinese food is served there and it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is located in riverside and is family friendly it is by all bar one .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

found near crowne plaza hotel , clowns is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns that is near crowne plaza hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's called clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a popular coffee shop in clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop in clowns with a rating 5 out of 5 .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating , check out clowns near crowne plaza hotel .
5 out of 5 rated clowns coffee shop is located near crowne plaza hotel .
near crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop named clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , pub that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a family pub in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range pub located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside pub near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family pub in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a pub that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside pub serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill is an english pub near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
pub , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a pub that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
there is a pub on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
the mill is a kid friendly pub that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the pub raja indian cuisine in riverside .

fast food pub called the mill in riverside area near café sicilia ; not family-friendly , low cost and low customer rating .
the mill is an inexpensive pub that is unfortunately not family friendly . located north of the city center . beside the river , their 1-star fast food is competing against the close by café sicilia .
the mill is a riverside pub offering fast food at average prices . located near café sicilia , it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
the mill can be found north of the city center. , beside the river and a café sicilia . this non-family friendly restaurant offers inexpensive fast food in favor for their terrible service .
the mill is a pub with no family-friendly staff with price range less than £20 provides fast food located near the café sicilia at the riverside with low customer rating .
located in the city centre by café sicilia , with a one star rating from customers , is a pub by the name of the mill . it 's cheap , and for adults only .
the mill is a pub in the low price range serving fast food located near café sicilia on the riverside . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at moderate prices . located near the riverside café sicilia it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
near the café sicilia in the city centre is a low priced , low rated pub named the mill that is n't family friendly
the mill is a low price fast food near the café sicilia with low customer rating .
the mill is a pub in the city centre by café sicilia . it is inexpensive , is rated one star by customers , and is not family friendly .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food it is not a child friendly , with a low customer rating and a high price range by a riverside near express by holiday inn .
located riverside near express by holiday inn you will find the punter restaurant offering indian food . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are price ranged high . they are not children friendly .
there is an expensive restaurant called the punter located at the riverside , near express by holiday inn that provides indian food . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly .
by a riverside near express by holiday inn , the punter is a restaurant serving indian food it is not a child friendly , with a low customer rating and a high price range .
the punter is an indian restaurant situated near express by holiday inn by the riverside . it is ideal for couples and has a fairly high price range and in general it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the punter ; a restaurant with an indian style , is situated by the riverside , next to express by holiday inn . it is ideal for couples and has a high price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located at the riverside , near express by holiday inn . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly .

the vaults is a pub that serves french food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the center of the city . it is not family-friendly . it has a price range of less than £20 .
the vaults pub is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range . they serve french food near the raja indian cuisine and the city center .
the vaults pub serves french food and is near the city center and the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .
the vaults is a cheap french pub . it can be found in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , not recommended for families .
low priced french pub the vaults can be found in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine . not recommended for families .
the vaults is a pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and serves french food . it has a price range of less than £20 .

green man is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food near the raja indian cuisine along the riverside .
near raja indian cuisine , riverside , there is a children friendly italian pub named green man .
there is a child-friendly pub serving italian food named green man in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
have you visited green man ? its a children friendly italian pub near raja indian cuisine located by the riverside .

there is a adults only cheap restaurant the mill serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
the restaurant 'the mill ' is located on the riverside , near 'raja indian cuisine ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than £20 , and are not family-friendly .
a cheap english restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is called the mill . it is n't family-friendly .
located next to raja indian cuisine , is a non family low priced restaurant called the mill .
the mill is a low priced , non family restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine .
there is a cheap restaurant the mill serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the mill is a cheap english restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't family-friendly .
the mill ' is a restaurant located on the riverside , near 'raja indian cuisine ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than £20 , and are not family-friendly .
nearby the city centre and raja indian cuisine , the mill is a cheap restaurant that is not family friendly .

there is a pub named cocum located near café sicilia . the customer rating is high .
near café sicilia is a high rated pub called cocum
pub located near café sicilia called cocum with a high customer rating
for a pub with high customer rating near café sicilia , try cocum .
pub cocum has a high customer rating and is located near café sicilia .
there is a high rated pub named cocum near café sicilia .

near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a restaurant offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a kids friendly restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
the vaults is an average-priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
there is an average priced pub near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the pub called the wrestlers .
there 's a pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a pub the wrestlers . child friendly italian pub with a moderate price range .
the wrestlers pub is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian pub by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a pub , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly pub offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian pub called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .

located riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a pub offering japanese food with a price range of £20-25 . not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating .
the vaults is a non-kids-friendly pub with a high customer rating . serving japanese food at around £20-25 , it 's located on riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese pub called the vaults with a price range of 20-25 pounds in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the vaults , located riverside near raja indian cuisine , offers japanese food with a price range of £20-25 . it is a pub with a high customer rating , not children friendly .

the 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , the phoenix , is located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it is not family friendly , with cheap indian food being served .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
cheap indian food is served at the phoenix , a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is not family friendly and located near crowne plaza hotel at the city centre .
the phoenix is a indian restaurant that is not for the whole family . it has low prices , but high customer ratings . it is located in the city center near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is an excellent shop serving indian fare at a low price with high ratings . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly .
the phoenix is and indian style restaurant with highly rated food at a low price . it can be found in the city centre by the crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly .

the vaults is a moderately priced low rated japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
low rated japanese pub , the vaults is priced moderate near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
the vaults is a pub that has a moderate price range and japanese food with low ratings near raja indian cuisine in city centre with a moderate price range .
a pub called the vaults with japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine and the city centre . it is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in city centre near raja indian cuisine is the vaults that is a pub and japanese food place with low reviews and a price range of moderate .
a pub named the vaults with japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine and the city centre . it is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

the mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving traditional english food . it is located near the café rouge .
the mill is located just below the river , near café rouge . it serves high priced british food . this restaurant is family friendly and rated three stars .
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating . it serves english food in the high price range
the mill is a restaurant along the riverside near café rouge it serves english food in the high price range . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the mill is a high priced restaurant offering british food . it is family friendly and rated three stars . it can be found just below the river near café rouge .
located on the riverside , near café rouge , the mill is a high priced english restaurant with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
café rouge is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a restaurant with english food and a high price range called the mill .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant with english food . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is near café rouge in riverside .
the mill has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is a child friendly restaurant which serves english food in riverside near café rouge .
café rouge is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of the mill which is a restaurant with english food and a high price range .
near the café rouge is a restaurant called , the mill , that serves traditional english food . it is higher priced and suitable for families .

the mill is a pub providing fast food in the high price range . it is located near of café sicilia .
the mill is a pub located in the area of riverside , near of café sicilia .
the mill is a pub near café sicilia , riverside . they serve fast food , with high pricing . they are n't child friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
leave the kids at home , while you quickly feed your needs at the mill . this 1 out of 5 establishment is near café sicilia in riverside and is also very expensive coffee .
leave the kids at home , while you quickly feed your needs at the mill . this 1 out of 5 establishment is near café sicilia in riverside and is also very expensive coffee .
with high pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , the mill is a non child friendly fast food pub located near café sicilia , riverside .

the mill is a one-star restaurant that offers english breakfast . it is family-friendly , moderately priced and is located near the café rouge by the river .
the mill restaurant serves english food . it is near café rouge , in the riverside area . it is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 .
near café rouge by the riverside there is a restaurant called the mill yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
the mill is a kid friendly restaurant with moderate prices . the mill is located in the riverside near café rouge . the mill provides english style food and customers give them a 1 out of 5 rating .
the mill is an english restaurant located next to café rouge and in the riverside area . customers give this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating . the mill is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing .
the mill is kid friendly but moderately expensive but not highly rated restaurant near café rouge .
the mill offers moderately priced english breakfasts that are family-friendly . it is located near the café rouge by the river and has a one-star rating .
in the riverside area is a restaurant name the mill . it is near the café rouge . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range . it is kid friendly .
a family friendly restaurant called the mill is located near café rouge . it has a low customer rating .
a family friendly restaurant named the mill is located near café rouge . it has a low customer rating .
near café rouge by the riverside there is a restaurant called the mill yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5

the mill is a restaurant providing english food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . moderate price range .
the mill is a restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it offers english food with a moderate price range . it is not a kid friendly establishment .
the mill is a restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it offers english food with a moderate price range . it is not a kid friendly establishment .
the mill restaurant has moderately priced food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine there 's a kid friendly , moderately priced restaurant named the mill .
the mill is a restaurant providing english food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . moderate price range and no kids friendly .

the phoenix restaurant and fast food restaurant offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a comfortable restaurant that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine restaurant .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly restaurant in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the phoenix restaurant , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food restaurant for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is restaurant called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced restaurant on the river located near raja indian cuisine
for cheap fast food , the phoenix restaurant is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix restaurant in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix restaurant that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the restaurant , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine restaurant

there is a restaurant called the cricketers that has chinese food . they have a rating of 5 out of 5 and have cheap food options . they are on the riverside near all bar one . however , they do not allow children .
the cricketers can be found in the riverside area near all bar one . it has excellent customer reviews despite the fact that it is not family friendly . it serves cheap chinese food in a restaurant setting .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves cheap chinese food . it is cheap and has excellent reviews but is not family friendly . it can be found in the riverside area near all bar one .
the cricketers , located in the riverside near all bar one , provides 5 out of 5 star rating cheap chinese food and coffee .
the cricketers is a chinese food restaurant with inexpensive food . although they do not allow children , they do have a high customer rating . they are near the riverside by all bar one .
the cricketers is an excellent , non family-friendly restaurant that also serves chinese food . it is situated on the riverside , near all bar one , and has quite cheap prices . it is a customer-favourite with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
on the riverside , near all bar one , you will find the cricketers . it is a cheap , non family-friendly restaurant that also serves chinese food . it has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

there is an above average price pub the mill and they serve fast food . they have average customer ratings and they are in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub , that is high priced with an average customer rating . it is located in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the mill is a family friendly pub with average customer ratings that serves fast food . it is an above average price pub and it is in riverside near café sicilia .
riverside has a child friendly quick service pub called the mill . it has a average customer rating and is in the high price range . it is located near café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost family friendly pub located near café sicilia .
the mill is a fast service pub in riverside . it is child friendly and is in the high price range . it is located near café sicilia and has an average rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub located near café sicilia . it has 3 stars .
the mill is an upscale pub offering tasty fried fare , and is located several blocks from the city center . it is family friendly , although on the pricey side . it is located near the café sicilia .
for an child friendly , average pub serving fast food try the mill , riverside near café sicilia
try the mill , an average , child friendly pub with fast food riverside near café sicilia
the mill , located near the café sicilia , is an upscale , family-friendly pub offering tasty burgers and fries . it is several blocks from the city center .

the plough , a restaurant in the city centre offering chinese food , is in the above average price range . it is located near the raja indian cuisine and is not children friendly .
in the city center , near raja indian cuisine , the plough restaurant dishes out high class chinese eats , with an atmosphere that is not children friendly .
the chinese restaurant , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this place is n't children friendly , as well as the price range being high .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre there is a restaurant called the plough . it serves chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly .
in the city centre , the plough restaurant s is expensive . it offers chinese food and is not children friendly . it is located near to the raja indian cuisine .
the chinese restaurant , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the price range is high and is n't children friendly .
the plough restaurant serves high priced chinese food in the city center , near raja indian cuisine . be advised , the plough is not children friendly .

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a children friendly restaurant that sells chinese food . it is a high price range .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant serving high priced chinese food .
the plough is a high priced , kid friendly chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a restaurant that sells chinese food . it is a high price range in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the cricketers is a restaurant serving british food . inexpensive , family friendly place to eat near the river and café rouge .
the cricketers is an english family friendly restaurant near café rouge on the riverside . it has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant serving cheap english food in the riverside area situated near café rouge
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant on the riverside . it serves english food and has an average customer rating . it is child friendly and can be found close to café rouge .
the cricketers is an inexpensive restaurant and family restaurant with decent reviews located near café rouge .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café rouge by the riverside in the city centre with a low price range and an average customer rating .
family friendly and inexpensive restaurant the cricketers , is near to the river and café rouge .
the cricketers serves cheap english food in a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area situated nears café rouge
a cheap restaurant and family restaurant called the cricketers is near café rouge and it has good reviews .
there is an english family friendly restaurant called the cricketers on the riverside . it is near café rouge . it has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
with a low price range and an average customer rating , the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café rouge by the riverside in the city centre .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

the loch fyne is a pub at the riverside .
the loch fyne is a pub in the riverside area of the city .
the loch fyne pub is located on the bank of the river .

the waterman restaurant is located in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it has italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly .
there is a cheap italian food restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is called the waterman and it is not family-friendly .
the restaurant the waterman is located int he center of the city near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and the price range is 20 pounds .
the waterman is a cheap italian food restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves italian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
the waterman is a restaurant located in the center of the city that is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds .

a restaurant serving italian food that is child friendly is the punter . located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , customers have rated it 1 out of 5 and the price range is high .
the punter , a family-friendly italian restaurant in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , is high priced and but has a lower customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .
serving italian food , the punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near rainbow vegetarian café . it has a high price range and is family-friendly . customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
there is a children friendly restaurant the punter in the city centre that provides italian food at high price . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café and it has customer rating of 1 put of 5 .
the punter is a children friendly restaurant with high price range providing italian food . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café and it has customer rating of 1 put of 5 .
with a high price range and low customer service rating of 1 out of 5 , a family-friendly italian restaurant named the punter has opened in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .

the vaults pub serves japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is a pub called the vaults . it serves japanese food with a rating of 3 out of 5 . it is n't kids friendly and has a £20-25 price range .
the vaults , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , is a pub serving japanese food in the £20-£25 price range , not child friendly .
the vaults pub serves japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
the vaults is in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , it is a japanese food serving pub with a £20-25 price range . it is n't kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
the vaults , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , is a not kid-friendly pub serving japanese food in the £20-£25 price range .

the vaults is an adults-only pub serving japanese food . it has good reviews however it is quite expensive . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the vaults is a pub serving japanese food found in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine . it is quite expensive but it does have good reviews . families are not welcome .
the vaults is by the raja indian cuisine at the city centre . with 3 out of 4 rating and an adult-only environment , you can get japanese food at this pub if you can afford it .
near raja indian cuisine in the city is a non children friendly japanese pub named the vaults with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a non children friendly japanese pub located in the city near raja indian cuisine with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and high price range .
there 's a pub selling japanese food , it 's called the vaults . it 's rated 3 out of 5 , it 's expensive , and you ca n't bring your kids . you can find it near raja indian cuisine by the city centre .

the vaults is a kids friendly pub that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly pub that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is an average-priced pub near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults is a pub which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a pub offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a pub that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

the vaults is a pub , friendly with the families , with prices less than 20 for the italian food . it is situated near rainbow vegetarian café , , riverside , and it has a low rating .
the vaults is a pub . they are low priced and family friendly . they have been rated one star and are opposite to rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a family friendly pub that serves italian food at less than £20 in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café ; though it has a low customer rating
located near rainbow vegetarian café on the river , the vaults is a low cost , family friendly pub .
the vaults is a pub that serves italian food . it is family friendly and the price range is less than £20 . it is situated in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café ; it has a low customer rating
the vaults is a low cost , family friendly pub located riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a low rated pub , but friendly with the families that serves italian food at less than 20 £ . it is close to the riverside and rainbow vegetarian café
there is an inexpensive , family-friendly pub near the river and rainbow vegetarian café . it 's called the vaults and serves pasta .
the vaults is an inexpensive pub near rainbow vegetarian café and the river . it is family-friendly and serves pasta .
the vaults , serving italian food , is a family friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . the price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving italian food near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . the price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low .

the vaults pub offers indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine sits a high priced pub called the vaults , that offers indian food at a non child friendly establishment .
a high priced pub called the vaults serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine but is not family friendly .
the vaults is a pub that provides indian food at a higher cost . they are located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine and do not allow children .
the vaults is a high priced pub serving indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , not family friendly .
an option for indian cuisine is the vaults . this is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . this establishment costs more than others and does not allow children .
this non kid friendly pub called the vaults , can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers indian food at a high price range .

located near café rouge , at the city centre , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 . it 's not kids-friendly .
the mill is a restaurant that is n't kids-friendly . located near café rouge , at the city centre , it serves english food . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
located in the city centre near café rouge is a small restaurant called the mill . it also serves american food and price is worth the bite .
the mill is a restaurant near café rouge and the city centre . it is not family-friendly and the price range is moderate . it serves english food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the mill restaurant and burger house is located near café rouge in the city centre . a nice place to sit and hang around with your friends or co-workers with a moderately priced menu , you will enjoy this place .
if you are searching for a not family-friendly restaurant that serves english food near café rouge and the city centre , the mill might be for you . the price range is moderate , and their customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

the vaults pub is family-friendly french food shop in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults pub is family-friendly french food in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
near raja cuisine , in the city centre is a pub offering french food . the vaults is cheap and family-friendly .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is a cheap , family-friendly french pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
french food can be found at the vaults which is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a family-friendly pub and has a price range of less than £20 .

the phoenix is a nice restaurant with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near raja indian cuisine
there is a moderately priced restaurant the phoenix in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a family-friendly fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
a fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the phoenix is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a charming restaurant featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near raja indian cuisine in the city center area

the phoenix pub is in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food of high prices . not being child friendly customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is the phoenix . a pub that serves french food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it has a high price range . no children .
the phoenix is a french pub located in the city centre . it has a high price range , but a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel , and is not children friendly .
the french restaurant , the phoenix , is a high priced pub near crowne plaza hotel . it is not children friendly , and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a city centre pub near crowne plaza hotel . rated 3 out of 5 by customers , it 's french food falls within a high price range . no for children .
in the city centre close to crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix pub . serving french food and prices being on the high side . this is n't child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

a children friendly french restaurant named the vaults near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a restaurant for more than £30 .
children friendly french restaurant the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in city centre . it is a high priced restaurant more than £30 .
the vaults in a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is a restaurant with a price range is more than 30 .
the vaults restaurant , located in city centre , is children friendly with a price range of more than £30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .
for more than £30 the vaults is a children friendly french restaurant near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a restaurant .
a children friendly restaurant named the vaults that serves french food . in the city centre area is a restaurant with a price range of more than 30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the green man is a restaurant near express by holiday inn in the city centre which serves japanese food . it is not family-friendly .
for a restaurant that serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre and that is n't family-friendly then go to the green man
the green man is a non-family-friendly restaurant that serves japanese food near the express by holiday inn in the city centre .
near the express by holiday inn in the city centre there is a non family-friendly restaurant called the green man , it serves japanese food .
located near the express by holiday inn in the city centre is a restaurant named green man . they serve japanese food and are not family-friendly .
green man is a restaurant that is n't family-friendly , serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre

the phoenix is a quaint pub serving french food at a moderate price point , specifically friendly to kids . however it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , but is located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is a family friendly pub called the phoenix . they serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in the medium price range and have a one-star rating .
the phoenix is a one-star rated pub located along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . they serve medium-priced wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere .
a family friendly pub , the phoenix , has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . with a moderate price range , it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars for a decent price located in city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a pub serving french food in the riverside area . it is family friendly with a moderate price range , and located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a pub called the phoenix with a moderate price range that serves french food and is also kid friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars in city center . near crowne plaza hotel
located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub . it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the city centre . it is family friendly and is near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a family friendly indian pub .
the wildwood is a family friendly indian pub located near the raja indian cuisine and city centre .
wildwood also offers indian food to go along with the family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine
located near raja indian cuisine the pub wildwood serves indian food and coffee to families of all ages in the city centre
wildwood is in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub that serves indian food and is family friendly .

the phoenix is a french pub located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel . it has a low customer rating , not kid friendly and costs more than £30 .
costing more than £30 and located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a french pub . it is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating .
the phoenix is pub that serve french food but is not children friendly and ranges more than £30 but has a low rating . it 's located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub near crowne plaza hotel , at riverside , with a price range of more than £30 . serving french food , it 's not children-friendly and has low customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel , at riverside , there 's a pub that serves french food named the phoenix . it has a low customer rating , is not child-friendly , and it costs more than £30 to eat there .
there is a pub in riverside near crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix that serves french food . it has low ratings because it is not children friendly and cost more than £30 .

the cricketers is a highly rated , but not family-friendly , restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
family-friendly restaurant the cricketers is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the highly rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near crowne plaza hotel . do n't bring the kids .
the cricketers , a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , is highly rated but not family-friendly .
the cricketers , a highly rated restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , is not family-friendly .

there is a high price range japanese restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is child friendly called the wrestlers
near the raja indian cuisine is children-friendly in the riverside area . it is a restaurant with japanese food with a high price range named the wrestlers .
there is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . they do offer a higher price range but are children friendly .
the wrestlers located near raja indian cuisine in riverside is a high prices but child friendly japanese restaurant .
the wrestlers is a restaurant who is child friendly that sells japanese food within a high price range near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
near the raja indian cuisine is children-friendly in the riverside area . it is a restaurant with japanese food with a high price range named the wrestlers .

the vaults is a restaurant serving indian food in the high price range . it 's child friendly and in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant that sells indian food , high price range , located in city centre , child friendly , located near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant offers indian food in the high price range . located in the center of the city , this child friendly dining choice is located near raja indian cuisine .
in the high price range , the vaults is a child friendly restaurant serving indian food in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
if you are near raja indian cuisine in city centre , check out the vaults . it is a high price restaurant that sells indian food . the vaults is also children friendly .
in the high price range , the vaults restaurant is a kid friendly restaurant located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine serves up indian food .

the wrestlers is a family friendly pub that is fairly priced and serves sushi . it is located next to the raja indian cuisine .
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside , you will find the wrestlers . a decently priced , child friendly coffee chop and japanese food establishment .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine . it is in the average price range .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub offering a child friendly environment . they are located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a decently priced pub and japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside . it is close to raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese , family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers and is moderately priced .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , family friendly japanese pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
there is a fairly priced pub near raja indian cuisine that serves sushi and is called the wrestlers .
in riverside you can find a japanese pub of moderate price called the wrestlers . they offer a child friendly environment and can be found near raja indian cuisine .

a cheap chinese restaurant near raja indian cuisine located riverside and is family-friendly is the plough .
if you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing , you may wish to try the plough . it offers a restaurant and chinese food , and is near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the plough is a cheap chinese restaurant located riverside by raja indian cuisine . it is a family friendly establishment .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine you will find the plough . a low priced family restaurant offering chinese food .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and has cheap pricing .

the mill is a highly-rated fast food and pub located in riverside near the café rouge . average pricing , but not child friendly .
in the riverside , near café rouge , there is the mill , a cheap highly rated non-kids friendly pub .
the mill is a riverside pub near café rouge . its fast food is average priced and highly rated .
the mills is not kid friendly as it is a riverside pub near café rouge . its mid priced fast food is highly rated .
the mill is a cheap highly rated non-kids friendly pub , located in the riverside , near café rouge .
near the café rouge in riverside , is a highly-rated fast food and pub known as the mill . the prices are average , and it is not kid friendly .

the wrestlers is a low priced family friendly japanese pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is the name of a family-friendly pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food for cheap prices .
the wrestlers is a cheap pub in riverside where you can find japanese food in a child-friendly environment . look for it near raja indian cuisine .
there is a low-priced and family-friendly pub on the riverside that serves japanese food . it is called the wrestlers and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a cheap family friendly japanese pub , the wrestlers in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese pub called the wrestlers that offers cheap food and a child-friendly atmosphere .

the wrestlers is a pub in the low price range that serves pasta . it is located near raja indian cuisine and has a public restroom .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly pub with a low price range in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a pub . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly pub in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine with a low price range .
the wrestlers is a pub located near raja indian cuisine that serves pasta in the low price range . public restrooms available .

the up market french restaurant , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
there is high price restaurant named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
the vaults is high price restaurant serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
the vaults is a french restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the vaults restaurant has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
a french restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .

blue spice is a restaurant providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that serves chinese food near the riverside and the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
the blue spice is a great restaurant along the riverside , and is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly , but serves chinese food .
there is a non-family friendly restaurant along the riverside and near rainbow vegetarian café . its name is blue spice and serves chinese food .
blue spice restaurant in riverside serves chinese food . it is not family friendly and can be found near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café , serves chines food . it is not family friendly .

the wrestlers , located north of the city center . near raja indian cuisine , is a moderately priced pub .
the wrestlers in riverside is a pub located near raja indian cuisine is child friendly , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating serves japanese food and costs more than £30 .
the wrestlers , a moderately priced pub , is located north of the city center . near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub is high-priced with great ratings . it is located near raja indian cuisine ,
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine . they have a high price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine located in riverside is a pub that is child friendly , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , serves japanese food that costs more than £30 .
near raja indian cuisine there is a japanese pub the wrestlers in riverside . their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30 .
the wrestlers has japanese food and is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly pub and has a price range more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlers pub is a family friendly sushi restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub serves sushi and is located near raja indian cuisine . they have a 5 out of 5 star customer rating and have a high price range .
there is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers in riverside . their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30 .

the cricketers is a high-priced restaurant located near the café rouge in city centre . this average-rated restaurant is not for children . it serves english food .
in city centre , near café rouge , there is a high priced english restaurant called the cricketers . they are not child friendly and have an average customer rating .
for a high priced english restaurant with an average rating that is based in the city centre near to café rouge that is n't children-friendly then the cricketers is the place to go
the cricketers is a high priced english restaurant in city centre , near café rouge . they have an average customer rating and are not child friendly .
the cricketers is a high priced english restaurant with an average rating thats based in the city centre near to café rouge that is n't really children-friendly .
the cricketers is located in the city centre area near café rouge . this high-priced restaurant serves english food with an average customer rating . this is not a family-friendly restaurant .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

the mill , located close to the fast food café sicilia and riverside , is a moderate priced pub rating 3 out of 5 . it is not too kid friendly .
near the fast food café sicilia close to the riverside , the mill is a pub , with moderate pricing and not too kid friendly . customers rate it a 3 out of 5 .
the mill is an average rated pub for adults that serves an array of moderately priced fast food . it is located near café sicilia in riverside .
in the riverside area , near café sicilia , there is a fast food pub called the mill . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced but not kid friendly .
near café sicilia , in the riverside area , there is a pub called the mill . it is rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food . it is moderately priced an not kid friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced pub for adults . although it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers , it serves fast food and is conveniently located in riverside near café sicilia .

near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a restaurant offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a kids friendly restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
the vaults is an average-priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

the plough pub has chinese food and is friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the plough is a pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .
the plough is an expensive pub and that serves chinese food located near the riverside raja indian cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
there is a pub the plough located riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are not children friendly .
there is a riverside pub near raja indian cuisine called the plough , that serves chinese food in the high price range . this venue is not suited for families with children .
the plough is a pub offering chinese food . they are located riverside and are not children friendly . they can be found riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a pub that has expensive chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is this restaurant , but it also has chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating . it 's not kid friendly and it 's near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds . it has a high customer rating , and in the middle of town . it is not child friendly , however there is a all bar one near by for their needs .
the chinese cricketers restaurant which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . the cricketers does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . there is a all bar one nearby .
located in the city centre , near all bar one , the cricketers is a non children-friendly restaurant which serves chinese food . it has a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings .
the cricketers is a restaurant with chinese food . this establishment has earned a high customer rating . they charge more than 30 pounds . they are located in the city centre near all bar one and are not family friendly .
a highly-rated chinese establishment is the cricketers . this restaurant is centrally located , near all bar one . they have a price range of over 30 pounds . please remember they do not allow children .
a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is the cricketers . this no children-friendly restaurant has slightly high price range , but high customer ratings . it is located near all bar one .

a restaurant with english food is the cricketers which is in the city centre near café rouge . it is children-friendly , with an average customer rating , and is in the high price range .
the cricketers is an english restaurant in the city center near café rouge . the prices are quite high for an averagely rated place but it is child-friendly .
the cricketers , serving english food , has opened near café rouge in the city centre . they are a coffee type eatery , kid friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range .
the cricketers , near café rouge in the city centre , is a restaurant with english food . it is in the high price range and has an average customer rating . it is children-friendly .
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers has opened near café rouge in the city centre . they serve english food , have an average customer rating , and high prices .
the english restaurant 'the cricketers ' , is located in the city center near café rouge . it has average customer reviews with quite high prices . it is recommended for kids .

there is an inexpensive and family friendly pub serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill .
the mill is a family friendly pub with prices less that £20 . this english pub is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine .
visit the mill , a low priced family friendly breakfast and pub located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a low-priced family pub located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
for under £20 you can eat at the mill in riverside . it 's a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine .
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our pub here at the mill . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than £20 .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english pub called the mill . it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly .
the mill , a low price family friendly breakfast and pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the mill which offers cheap food .
the mill is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .
the mill pub offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20 . we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find the wrestlers , a family pub that sells sushi . it is moderately expensive and has poor ratings .
the wrestlers is a 1 star , medium priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
the wrestlers is a japanese kid-friendly pub located by the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine , has moderate price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the wrestlers is a poorly rated pub near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately expensive , family-friendly , and serves sushi .
there is a one star mid priced family friendly pub the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it offers chinese food .
north of city centre and near raja indian cuisine , is a 1 star , medium priced restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a pub with japanese food service , family atmosphere , warm and moderate prices clentele , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
the wrestlers is a striking pub near raja indian cuisine in the area riverside , service features japanese food , family atmosphere , warm clentele and moderate prices
the wrestlers is a japanese kid-friendly pub situated by the riverside . its price ranges are moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

the vaults is a restaurant which serves moderate priced french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is a french restaurant with a moderate price range , but is n't kid friendly , and it located near raja indian cuisine on riverside .
the vaults is a french restaurant in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant with french food near to raja indian cuisine
the vaults is on riverside has a moderate price its close to raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant called the vaults near raja indian cuisine that serves moderate priced food is in the riverside area and is for adults .

a restaurant called the mill is located by café rouge and has cheap pricing .
the mill is a low cost adult only restaurant . it is by café rouge and receives poor reviews .
the mill restaurant in cambridge is not family friendly . it is located east of café rouge .
the mill is a restaurant by café rouge . its low cost , but gets bad reviews , and is adult only .
the mill ate at the restaurant with his english family for less than £20 at café rouge near riverside at low no .
the mill kept eating english people and café rouge said no , the family ate the mill for less than £20 at a restaurant .
the mill is a restaurant which serves english food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating . it is located near café rouge in riverside
the mill is a restaurant located by café rouge . it has breakfast and is poor in rating .
the mill restaurant near café rouge in riverside serves english meals under £20 . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a restaurant which serves english food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating . it is located near café rouge in riverside
the mill restaurant is located east of café rouge . it is low-priced , and not family-friendly .

the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .
the cricketers , a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near all bar one offers highly rated coffee and chinese food at a good price .
if you are looking for a restaurant , try the cricketers it offers chines food and has an average price range with a high customer rating . it is located near the all bar one in the city centre and it is kid friendly
go to the city centre near all bar one and you will find the cricketers , a highly rated , kid friendly , affordable restaurant that offers coffee and chinese food .
the cricketers is a restaurant that offers chinese food the price range is average with high customer rating . located in the city centre and it is kid friendly since it is near a all bar one .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

high priced family-friendly pub , the vaults has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and offers a japanese menu . it is located at the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine at the city centre , is family-friendly pub the vaults . serving japanese food , the vaults , is high priced with a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating .
there is high priced pub that serves japanese food near raja indian cuisine in city centre called the vaults . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 our of 5 .
the vaults is a children friendly pub serving high priced japanese food in city centre near raja indian cuisine that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
there is a kids friendly pub the vaults in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has high customer ratings and high price range but they serve japanese food .
the vaults is a high price range high customer rating pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is kids friendly ad they serve japanese food .

restaurant called the cricketers is family-friendly , sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , it is located in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly .
the cricketers is a highly rated english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it is cheap and family-friendly .
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant near café rouge that is family-friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating .
the city centre has an english restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating called the cricketers . it is near café rouge , is family-friendly and cheap .

giraffe is a child friendly pub serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe is a fast food pub near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
the fast food pub called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a pub
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food pub is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly pub called giraffe which serves fast food .
giraffe is a children-friendly pub that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , pub located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a pub with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a pub in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
the pub , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly pub by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly pub style pub called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food pub in riverside .
giraffe , a pub with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a pub providing fast food for you and the kids .
fast food pub giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a children friendly pub on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
a pub with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , there is a pub offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
there is a pub called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food pub . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a kids-friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the pub giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
giraffe is a fast food pub . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
giraffe is a riverside pub which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly pub called giraffe that serves fast food .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub that has fast food called giraffe .

the vaults is non family-friendly pub serving japanese food at average prices . located near the rainbow vegetarian café at the city centre .
an averagely priced pub serving japanese called the vaults ; not kid friendly . a very high customer rating , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
near to rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre there is a highly rated pub , the vaults , which supplies japanese refreshments for around £20 per meal . it is not child-friendly .
the vaults is a pub serving japanese food near the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is averagely priced and not very kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café at the city centre , adult pub the vaults serves japanese food at average prices while boasting a high customer approval rate .
the vaults is a japanese pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre area , providing high quality meals for between £20 and £25 . no children .

the french restaurant 'the vaults ' is located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' with a price range of over £30 . they are not children friendly .
the vaults is an up market french cuisine restaurant located in the city centre near to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
the vaults is a restaurant providing french food more than 30 pounds price range it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
if you are looking for an up market french restaurant you should try the vaults which is located in the city centre close to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
the vaults is a french food restaurant in the more than 30 pounds price range it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
the restaurant 'the vaults ' is a french restaurant who are not children friendly with a price range of over £30 . they are located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' .

located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , the punter is a non kid friendly italian restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center called the punter serves italian food . it is rated low , not child friendly and priced high .
the punter is an italian restaurant that is adult friendly located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
italian adult only restaurant the punter is located near rainbow vegetarian café in city centre .
the punter , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a non kid friendly italian restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant that is not child friendly , low rated and priced high . it is located in the city center near rainbow vegetarian café and it serves italian .

the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near all bar one along the riverside and is not kids friendly . it is rated 3 out of 5 .
though not kid friendly , the cricketers is located near the all bar one , in riverside area . this restaurant has chinese food in a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers restaurant and chinese near all bar one in the riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating , but is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that also serves chinese food . the price range is moderate and rated a 3 out of 5 by customers . the cricketers is not a kid friendly place but if you would like to try it , it is located by the riverside area near all bar one .
a restaurant , the cricketers , serves chinese food at a moderate price . it is rated 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly but is located by the all bar one by the riverside .
there is a restaurant , the cricketers , serving chinese food along the riverside near all bar one . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers , rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near all bar one , is a restaurant that also serves chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .

there is a cheap family friendly japanese restaurant , the wrestlers in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low priced family friendly japanese restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a cheap restaurant in riverside where you can find japanese food in a child-friendly environment . look for it near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is the name of a family-friendly restaurant on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food for cheap prices .
there is a low-priced and family-friendly restaurant on the riverside that serves japanese food . it is called the wrestlers and is located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers that offers cheap food and a child-friendly atmosphere .

the punter restaurant offers cheap indian cuisine . has an average customer rating . located by the riverside near express by holiday inn . it is not family friendly .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is average .
located by the express by holiday inn , the punter restaurant offers low priced indian food .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is average .
the punter located by the express by holiday inn , is a restaurant that offers indian food at a cheap price range .
the restaurant named the punter has cheap indian food and an average customer rating . it is near the express by holiday inn on the riverside and is not family friendly .

there is a riverside pub near to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it serves french cuisine for less than £20 per head but it is n't very family-friendly and has low customer ratings .
if you are looking for a family-friendly french pub at the riverside you should try the phoenix located near to the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food and is situated near crowne plaza hotel at riverside . low customer ratings and not suitable for families yet low price range of around £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , low rated pub in the riverside area . it serves french food , not recommended for families and is close to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub located at the riverside near to the crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with a budget menu but low ratings .
the phoenix pub is a low priced restaurant in the city centre , east of crowne plaza hotel . you can eat-in or take-out . not family friendly .
the phoenix is a pub serving low priced french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 . the price range is low .
the phoenix is a french pub in the riverside area , close to crowne plaza hotel . this venue is cheap , not recommended for families and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a cheap restaurant rated 1 star , the phoenix pub , located in city centre east of crowne plaza hotel . not recommended for families . they offer eat-in , take-out or delivers .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that sells french cuisine in the £20 or less range , it does n't have good customer ratings . you 'll find it near the crowne plaza hotel but it is n't family-friendly .

wildwood is a pub providing italian food . it is located near of the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is an italian pub situated in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
a non family-friendly , italian pub near raja indian cuisine in the city center is called wildwood .
wildwood is a coffee located in the city centre , near of the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a non family-friendly italian pub located in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a non family-friendly , italian pub near raja indian cuisine in the city center .

the phoenix is a pub and is expensive price ranged . it is located close to crowne plaza hotel .
there is a high priced pub called the phoenix it 's a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a french pub called the phoenix that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars and is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
french food at the phoenix pub by the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 , although it has a low customer rating .
there is an expensive-priced pub located close to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub near crowne plaza hotel by riverside area that provides french food . its price is more than £30 with a low customer rating and is children friendly
the phoenix pub near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside serving french food is child friendly . price range more than £30 , rated low by customers .
the phoenix is a high priced pub that is family friendly and located near a crowne plaza hotel .
in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars .
the phoenix pub is near crowne plaza hotel , and situated by the river . it sells delicious foods such as fondue and cheeses , with which you can enjoy a glass of wine or spirits . it is in the more expensive price range , and so far has a one star rating .

the vaults is a pub is located near raja indian cuisine by the river . they are a reasonably priced pub that is family friendly .
the vaults is a reasonably priced , family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine by the river .
moderately priced and kid friendly , the vaults is a pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine the vaults serves french food . this pub is moderately priced and kid friendly .
the vaults is a cheap pub located next to raja indian cuisine .
the french pub , the vaults , is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a nicely made french pub that is kids friendly and located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . the price range is moderate .
the vaults french pub is children friendly , and can be found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub which sells fine foods at moderate prices . they welcome families and are just east of raja indian cuisine on the river
the vaults is a family friendly pub that deals in modern delicacies . they cater to those with checkbooks of moderate size , and can be found in the park on the river , just east of raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub serves food and drinks cheap prices located next to raja indian cuisine .

the punter is a cheap italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center , we are no a family-friendly restaurant with a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café there is a restaurant called the punter . it serves low priced italian food and has a high customer rating . it is not family-friendly .
the punter is a cheap italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center , we are no a family-friendly restaurant with a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the mill is rated 3 out of 5 , with moderate pricing pub . located near the center of the city and the fast food café sicilia it is kid friendly .
in the center of the city near café sicilia , the fast food , is a kid friendly pub named the mill . customers rate it a 3 out of 5 , with moderate pricing .
the mill is pub with a service of fast food in the city centre very close of café sicilia
the mill pub is located in the city centre near café sicilia . it is a kid friendly moderately price establishment which offers fast food . customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub located in the city centre near of café sicilia that bring a service of fast food
a pub called the mill is kid friendly . it located in the city centre near café sicilia . it offers fast food at moderate prices . it 's rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

there is a chinese food restaurant called the cricketers located in the center . of the city near all bar one . it is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant that sells chinese food . it is located near a all bar one in the center . of the city and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a moderately priced , kid friendly restaurant which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is located in the city centre near all bar one . it is a moderately-priced , kid friendly restaurant which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating at 3 out of 5 .
the children friendly restaurant serving chinese at moderate prices is rated 3 out of 5 . they 're called the cricketers and are located in the city center . near all bar one .

in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is pub called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced pub on the river located near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a comfortable pub that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine pub .
the phoenix pub and fast food pub offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly pub in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the pub , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine pub
the phoenix pub in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
for cheap fast food , the phoenix pub is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food pub for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix pub that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix pub , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

looking for a restaurant serving indian food in the cheap price range with average customer ratings in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is family friendly , then visit the punter .
the punter is a restaurant serving indian food in the cheap price range with average customer ratings in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is family friendly .
for a cheap indian restaurant check out the average family friendly the punter , located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a cheap indian restaurant in a riverside location . it has an average customer rating , is family friendly and is located near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a cheap indian restaurant with an average customer rating . it is in riverside location near express by holiday inn , and is family friendly .
in riverside near the express by holiday inn is an average family friendly indian restaurant called the punter , that is not only cheap but family friendly .

the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food . they received a 1 out of 4 customer rating .
the wrestlers is a pub providing sushi in the low price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near raja indian cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near a raja indian cuisine serving medium-priced items . it is not for families .
the wrestlers is a pub in the medium price range . it is located near a raja indian cuisine .
near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wrestlers pub has different kinds of food
the wrestlers pub a variety of foods , it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves japanese food . kids are not allowed . rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve moderately priced japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

the vaults is an italian pub in city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café , that is family friendly , pricey and highly rated .
the highly customer rated , child friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults has great italian food and costs more than £30 .
the vaults is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café . the price range is more than 30 english sterling . it offers italian food .
the vaults is a 5 star pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults is family safe .
there is a child friendly italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults . it is highly rated with a price range more than £30 .
the highly customer rated , child friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults has great italian food and costs more than £30 .
the vaults is a highly rated italian pub near to rainbow vegetarian café . it is expensive and child friendly .
the vaults is located in city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it is an italian coffee sheep that is family friendly and pricey . it has a 5 out of 5 star rating .
the vaults is a family safe , high priced , 5 star pub , located next to rainbow vegetarian café .

wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the city centre . it is family friendly and is near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a family friendly indian pub .
the wildwood is a family friendly indian pub located near the raja indian cuisine and city centre .
wildwood also offers indian food to go along with the family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine
located near raja indian cuisine the pub wildwood serves indian food and coffee to families of all ages in the city centre
wildwood is in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub that serves indian food and is family friendly .

the waterman is an expensive , kid friendly pub that serves indian cuisine in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
enjoy coffee and treat the kids to authentic indian food at the waterman . a high priced establishment near raja indian cuisine , in riverside .
the waterman is a children friendly indian pub in the high price range in the riverside area of raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a highly priced pub that provides indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the waterman is a indian pub in the high price range in the riverside area of raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .
the waterman is a pub near to raja indian cuisine that is child-friendly . it has a high price range but is located in riverside
the pub called the waterman serves indian food and is near to raja indian cuisine . the waterman is child-friendly and is in riverside . it has a high price range however

no , the phoenix is french restaurant with pub on side crowne plaza hotel in the city centre with low rank and price less £20
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food . it is located in the center of the city near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly . the customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20 .
the phoenix is located near crowne plaza hotel in the center of the city . it is a pub that serves french food . it is not family-friendly . the customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20 .
there is a pub located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel named the phoenix . it has a low customer rating and is n't family-friendly . they serve french food for under 20 euros .
the phoenix is french restaurant with no pub on side crowne plaza hotel in the city centre with low rank and price less than £20
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food for a low price . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

the phoenix is a quaint pub serving french food at a moderate price point , specifically friendly to kids . however it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , but is located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is a family friendly pub called the phoenix . they serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in the medium price range and have a one-star rating .
the phoenix is a one-star rated pub located along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . they serve medium-priced wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere .
a family friendly pub , the phoenix , has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . with a moderate price range , it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars for a decent price located in city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a pub serving french food in the riverside area . it is family friendly with a moderate price range , and located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a pub called the phoenix with a moderate price range that serves french food and is also kid friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars in city center . near crowne plaza hotel
located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub . it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
indian food meets pub at the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this shop is family friendly and priced at less than 20 pounds .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman provides the atmosphere of a pub with indian food . at less than 20 pounds , it provides a family friendly setting for its customers right in the city centre .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers is a pub that serves kid friendly moderately priced japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine near the city centre .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves kid friendly food and is located at the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it serves japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers . it is a kids friendly pub serving moderately priced japanese food .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it serves japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
the wrestlers is a kids friendly pub they serves japanese food . it has a moderate price range and is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults restaurant and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly , restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
family friendly french restaurant , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults , is a restaurant that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant and family restaurant called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly restaurant . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly restaurant and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults , a family friendly restaurant that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a french restaurant suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french restaurant near raja indian cuisine .

located in riverside near café rouge the mill restaurant , in the moderate price range , they serve english food . they are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating .
near café rouge by the riverside area there is a restaurant that serves english food , not kid friendly , moderating pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is called the mill .
the mill is a restaurant with a moderate price range . they serve english food and is not kids friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it 's near café rouge , in riverside .
the mill is in riverside near café rouge . it 's a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it has a moderate price range and serves english food .
the mill restaurant is moderate price range , is not kid friendly serves english food , has a 1 out 5 customer rating . it 's near café rouge in the riverside area .
the mill is a restaurant the is moderate price range that serves english food , not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near café rouge by the riverside area .

near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the giraffe , serves english food and is family friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant that is children friendly and provides english food . it is located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the riverside has many lovely restaurants , none more so than the giraffe , near to the rainbow vegetarian café is a great to enjoy english food in a family friendly setting .
there is an english based restaurant called giraffe . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café and , yes , it is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a child-friendly restaurant in the riverside area .
the giraffe , a child-friendly , english restaurant , is located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .

the wrestlers , a restaurant , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
there 's a restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a restaurant the wrestlers . child friendly italian restaurant with a moderate price range .
there is an average priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian restaurant by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly restaurant offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian restaurant called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers restaurant is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .

near café sicilia in the city centre you can find a quite pricey pub which does not welcome children called the phoenix . it has a pretty good customer rating and tends to serve french food .
in the city centre , near café sicilia , you can find the french pub the phoenix . it is mot kid friendly however provides reasonably priced food ranging from £20-25 and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a french pub located in the city centre near café sicilia . the average rating is 3 out of 5 with a price range from £20-25 and it is not kid friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub , with a mid price range which is located near to café sicilia in the city centre . the phoenix is not child friendly and customer ratings are average .
adults can enjoy french food at the phoenix which is a mid priced pub situated in the city centre near café sicilia . it has average customer ratings .
the phoenix is a pub which serves french food in the city centre , near café sicilia . it has a reasonable customer rating but is quite expensive and does not actively welcome children .

wildwood near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a child friendly italian restaurant

located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a pub offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a pub with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman is a pub that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
there is a high price pub , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

the phoenix is a pub and is expensive price ranged . it is located close to crowne plaza hotel .
there is a high priced pub called the phoenix it 's a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a french pub called the phoenix that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars and is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
french food at the phoenix pub by the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 , although it has a low customer rating .
there is an expensive-priced pub located close to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub near crowne plaza hotel by riverside area that provides french food . its price is more than £30 with a low customer rating and is children friendly
the phoenix pub near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside serving french food is child friendly . price range more than £30 , rated low by customers .
the phoenix is a high priced pub that is family friendly and located near a crowne plaza hotel .
in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars .
the phoenix pub is near crowne plaza hotel , and situated by the river . it sells delicious foods such as fondue and cheeses , with which you can enjoy a glass of wine or spirits . it is in the more expensive price range , and so far has a one star rating .

the cricketers is a coffee shop near express by holiday inn . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the express by holiday inn is located by the cricketers coffee shop
near express by holiday inn is the cricketers . it 's not a family-friendly coffee shop that has low customer ratings .
the cricketers is a coffee shop , located across from express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn there is a coffee shop called the cricketers . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is not a family-friendly coffee shop near express by holiday inn , that has low customer ratings .
the cricketers coffee shop is located near the express by holiday inn

giraffe is a non-family friendly restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café .
the giraffe is a restaurant located near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it does not allow children .
there is a restaurant called giraffe with fast service in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's not family-friendly .
there is a no family-friendly restaurant giraffe located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside that provides fast food .
giraffe is a restaurant , located near the rainbow vegetarian café on the river . it is not family friendly .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . they are not family-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant expert in fast food near to rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a no family-friendly restaurant providing fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not a kid friendly restaurant .
located near to the rainbow vegetarian café is the restaurant the giraffe . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a not family-friendly restaurant its on riverside close to rainbow vegetarian café

a restaurant called the phoenix sells cheap indian food that is rated 5 out of 5 and is even better with its family friendly location near a riverside and the local express by holiday inn .
the phoenix a restaurant which offers indian food is cheap . it ha a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . i t is located in riverside near express by holiday inn . it is family friendly
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant serving indian food with a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out 5 starts . it is located on the riverside near express by holiday inn .
the phoenix is in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it serves cheap indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly .
a family friendly restaurant called the phoenix , located on the riverside near express by holiday inn is family friendly . serving indian food with a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves cheap indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly and is in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .

the vaults restaurant and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly , restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
family friendly french restaurant , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults , is a restaurant that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant and family restaurant called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly restaurant . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly restaurant and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults , a family friendly restaurant that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a french restaurant suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french restaurant near raja indian cuisine .

the mill is a fast food restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the high price range . it is located after café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub in the riverside area near café sicilia with low customer rating
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area with low customer rating
the high priced the mill pub is currently rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is located in the riverside area near café sicilia . yes the mill is child friendly
the mill is a family friendly pub offering fast food . it has a one star rating and is in the high price range . it is located near to café sicilia .
the mill is a one star family friendly pub offering fast food . it is in the high price range and near to café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant near café sicilia with a low customer rating .
near café sicilia by the riverside is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant named the mill .
the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre , with a high price range and low customer rating .
with a high price range and a low customer rating , the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre .
the mill pub is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is high priced . the mill is situated near café sicilia in the riverside area . children friendly - yes .

the punter is a family-friendly restaurant . it is located close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is an expensive family friendly restaurant , by the side of the river and just down the road from rainbow vegetarian café .
located at rainbow vegetarian café in city centre , the punter restaurant offers good affordable meals and is family friendly .
the punter is a high priced italian restaurant . it is kid friendly with a customer rating of out of 5 near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
the punter restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café has good continental dishes at good prices .
the punter , an italian restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , offers a children friendly atmosphere with prices on the higher end . the punter has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the high price range , located close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is just down the road from rainbow vegetarian café and is a 5-star family friendly restaurant by the river
the punter is a children friendly italian restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . the prices are on the high end with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the punter is a kid friendly italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it is high priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is eat type restaurant providing italian food near rainbow vegetarian café riverside area .

the vaults is a french pub with a moderate price range , but is n't kid friendly , and it located near raja indian cuisine on riverside .
the vaults is a pub with french food near to raja indian cuisine
the vaults is on riverside has a moderate price its close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a pub which serves moderate priced french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a pub called the vaults near raja indian cuisine that serves moderate priced food is in the riverside area and is for adults .
the vaults is a french pub in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .

the waterman restaurant is located in the city centre area near raja indian cuisine . it has italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly .
there is a cheap italian food restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is called the waterman and it is not family-friendly .
the restaurant the waterman is located int he center of the city near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and the price range is 20 pounds .
the waterman is a cheap italian food restaurant in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
the waterman is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves italian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
the waterman is a restaurant located in the center of the city that is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds .

if you 've got kids in tow with a curious palate , why not try the vaults , a french style pub in the city centre - near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately priced pub serving french food called the vaults . it is in the city centre close to raja indian cuisine , it is kids friendly .
located in the city centre , the vaults is a moderately priced french style pub . it 's great for the kids , and located near the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a moderately priced pub . it is kids friendly and serves french food , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub serves french food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced
the vaults pub serves french food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced

stunning crowne plaza hotel coffee shop the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
a kid friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly coffee shop located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel

the phoenix restaurant and fast food restaurant offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a comfortable restaurant that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine restaurant .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly restaurant in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the phoenix restaurant , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food restaurant for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is restaurant called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced restaurant on the river located near raja indian cuisine
for cheap fast food , the phoenix restaurant is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix restaurant in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix restaurant that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the restaurant , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine restaurant

looking for a restaurant serving indian food in the cheap price range with average customer ratings in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is family friendly , then visit the punter .
the punter is a restaurant serving indian food in the cheap price range with average customer ratings in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is family friendly .
for a cheap indian restaurant check out the average family friendly the punter , located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a cheap indian restaurant in a riverside location . it has an average customer rating , is family friendly and is located near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a cheap indian restaurant with an average customer rating . it is in riverside location near express by holiday inn , and is family friendly .
in riverside near the express by holiday inn is an average family friendly indian restaurant called the punter , that is not only cheap but family friendly .

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

there is a riverside pub near to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it serves french cuisine for less than £20 per head but it is n't very family-friendly and has low customer ratings .
if you are looking for a family-friendly french pub at the riverside you should try the phoenix located near to the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food and is situated near crowne plaza hotel at riverside . low customer ratings and not suitable for families yet low price range of around £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , low rated pub in the riverside area . it serves french food , not recommended for families and is close to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub located at the riverside near to the crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with a budget menu but low ratings .
the phoenix pub is a low priced restaurant in the city centre , east of crowne plaza hotel . you can eat-in or take-out . not family friendly .
the phoenix is a pub serving low priced french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 . the price range is low .
the phoenix is a french pub in the riverside area , close to crowne plaza hotel . this venue is cheap , not recommended for families and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a cheap restaurant rated 1 star , the phoenix pub , located in city centre east of crowne plaza hotel . not recommended for families . they offer eat-in , take-out or delivers .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that sells french cuisine in the £20 or less range , it does n't have good customer ratings . you 'll find it near the crowne plaza hotel but it is n't family-friendly .

there is an above average price pub the mill and they serve fast food . they have average customer ratings and they are in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub , that is high priced with an average customer rating . it is located in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the mill is a family friendly pub with average customer ratings that serves fast food . it is an above average price pub and it is in riverside near café sicilia .
riverside has a child friendly quick service pub called the mill . it has a average customer rating and is in the high price range . it is located near café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost family friendly pub located near café sicilia .
the mill is a fast service pub in riverside . it is child friendly and is in the high price range . it is located near café sicilia and has an average rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub located near café sicilia . it has 3 stars .
the mill is an upscale pub offering tasty fried fare , and is located several blocks from the city center . it is family friendly , although on the pricey side . it is located near the café sicilia .
for an child friendly , average pub serving fast food try the mill , riverside near café sicilia
try the mill , an average , child friendly pub with fast food riverside near café sicilia
the mill , located near the café sicilia , is an upscale , family-friendly pub offering tasty burgers and fries . it is several blocks from the city center .

the wrestlers is a restaurant that serves italian food . has a moderate price range , and is kids friendly . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian restaurant that is kids friendly near raja located in riverside .
the wrestlers is a moderate price range italian food café is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
italian food restaurant the wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a nice priced italian restaurant that is kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves italian food . it is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and has a moderate price range .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly restaurant
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant with high customer ratings called the cricketers
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers are kids friendly restaurant in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers restaurant food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
a popular child friendly restaurant is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly restaurant called the cricketers with a high customer rating .
a kid friendly restaurant is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
a restaurant with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly restaurant located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers restaurant near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .

located near the town centre and raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant served moderately priced indian dishes in a child-free environment .
the waterman serves medium-priced indian food and coffee in the city centre . it 's by raja indian cuisine . do n't bring your kids .
located near raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant which offers indian food at a moderate price range . it is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre .
the waterman is restaurant which offers indian food . not suitable for children , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a moderate price range .
the waterman is a mid-priced restaurant near the city centre , by raja indian cuisine . not kid friendly .
the waterman is an adults-only restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian dishes in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine .

the phoenix is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the pub is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub called the phoenix .
family friendly , the phoenix pub which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix pub offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food pub and pub . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a family friendly pub called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
a high priced pub serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the pub is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the children friendly fast food pub and pub , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix pub . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a high price pub located by raja indian cuisine .
there 's a pub named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .

the phoenix is a kid-friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve french food in the £20-25 range .
the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . prices range £20-25 .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve french food and the price ranges from £20-25 .
there is a family friendly french pub in riverside called the phoenix . they are located near raja indian cuisine and the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a kid friendly pub with french food . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
the phoenix , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly pub serving french food . prices are in the £20-25 range .
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside , the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub with prices £20-25 .
the french food serving pub known as the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine on the the riverside . they cost between £20-£25 .
the phoenix is a pub located near raja indian cuisine . they are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25 . they serve french food .
the phoenix pub is kid-friendly , with prices in the lower 20s . the serve french food on the riverside . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .

stunning crowne plaza hotel coffee shop the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
a kid friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly coffee shop located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel

cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at the phoenix pub . situated riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly pub in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
riverside has a cheap fast food pub near raja indian cuisine named the phoenix . it 's family-friendly .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the pub 'the phoenix ' is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the pub named the phoenix is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
family friendly the phoenix is a cheap pub serving fast food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly pub in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is cheap and family friendly .
riverside pub the phoenix fast food price range same raja indian cuisine

indian food meets restaurant at the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this shop is family friendly and priced at less than 20 pounds .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman provides the atmosphere of a restaurant with indian food . at less than 20 pounds , it provides a family friendly setting for its customers right in the city centre .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .

blue spice pub , located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café , offers a family-friendly environment and serves english dishes .
a family-friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is the blue spice .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub that serves english cuisine . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family-friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , you will find the family-friendly pub blue spice , serving an english food menu .
there is a pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it serves english cuisine and is family-friendly .

the phoenix is a pub providing french food and is children friendly for more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a french café the phoenix located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel and is children friendly .
there is a french pub called the phoenix in city centre near crowne plaza hotel . the price range is more than £30 , a low customer rating but children are welcome .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the city center . it has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30 .
the phoenix pub serves french food for more than £30 in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is children friendly but has a low customer rating .
in the city center , the phoenix is a french pub with a family atmosphere . it is located next to the crowne plaza hotel with a low customer rating and a price point of more than £30 .

the cricketers is a restaurant providing average-priced english food , it is located by the riverside , near all bar one , kids-friendly and customer-rated high .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located next to all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant near all bar one . the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds with high customer ratings and is kid friendly . the food is english and is in the riverside area .
the cricketers is an average-priced restaurant , serving english food , it is located by the riverside near all bar one , kids-friendly and high rated .
in riverside near all bar one there is a english restaurant called the cricketers with a price range of £20-25 , it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
the cricketers is located next to all bar one on the river and is a family friendly restaurant .
the cricketers restaurant is family-friendly , mid price range , and is located on the river near all bar one .
there is a family-friendly , mid cost restaurant near the all bar one called the cricketers .
the english restaurant near all bar one is called the cricketers . it is kid friendly , with high customer ratings , in the riverside area . the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds .

japanese food at the wrestlers pub features a price range of more than £30 . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . we are not children friendly .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub is not children friendly . our price range is more than £30 and we offer japanese food .
the wrestlers is an adult japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine with price range more than £30
the wrestlers is an adult japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine with price range more than £30

the wrestlers is a japanese pub located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this pub is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
average priced food at the wrestlers pub . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers pub located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly pub . this pub has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers pub is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers pub . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this pub can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese pub named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged pub located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .

a children friendly french restaurant named the vaults near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a restaurant for more than £30 .
children friendly french restaurant the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in city centre . it is a high priced restaurant more than £30 .
the vaults in a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is a restaurant with a price range is more than 30 .
the vaults restaurant , located in city centre , is children friendly with a price range of more than £30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .
for more than £30 the vaults is a children friendly french restaurant near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a restaurant .
a children friendly restaurant named the vaults that serves french food . in the city centre area is a restaurant with a price range of more than 30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

the cricketers is a low customer rated restaurant that serves chinese food . you 'll spend less than twenty dollars . it is family friendly and located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers , a family-friendly restaurant near all bar one in the city centre , serves inexpensive chinese food . complaints have been made about the cricketers .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range . it is located near all bar one
the cricketers is in the center . of the city near all bar one , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . it is a restaurant which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating . it is located near all bar one in the center . of the city .
if you 're looking for a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers just may be your spot . for less than twenty dollars , you get chinese food . the customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . the cricketers is located in the city centre near all bar one .

the punter is a pub serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near raja indian cuisine along the riverside and is not kids friendly .
there is a pub , the punter , serving chinese food along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced .
the punter is a chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in the river side . price is moderate , no kids friendly .
the punter is a moderate chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in the river side . it is no kids friendly .
the punter is a pub which offers chinese food . it has a moderate price range . it is in a riverside area . it is not kids friendly and it is near raja indian cuisine .
no kids in the punter , it is a chinese pub , on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , fairly moderate prices .
the punter is a chinese pub that has a moderate price range , located near the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , my advice no children .

the cricketers is this restaurant , but it also has chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating . it 's not kid friendly and it 's near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds . it has a high customer rating , and in the middle of town . it is not child friendly , however there is a all bar one near by for their needs .
the chinese cricketers restaurant which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . the cricketers does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . there is a all bar one nearby .
located in the city centre , near all bar one , the cricketers is a non children-friendly restaurant which serves chinese food . it has a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings .
the cricketers is a restaurant with chinese food . this establishment has earned a high customer rating . they charge more than 30 pounds . they are located in the city centre near all bar one and are not family friendly .
a highly-rated chinese establishment is the cricketers . this restaurant is centrally located , near all bar one . they have a price range of over 30 pounds . please remember they do not allow children .
a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is the cricketers . this no children-friendly restaurant has slightly high price range , but high customer ratings . it is located near all bar one .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

the wrestlers , a restaurant , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
there 's a restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a restaurant the wrestlers . child friendly italian restaurant with a moderate price range .
there is an average priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian restaurant by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly restaurant offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian restaurant called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers restaurant is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .

the punter is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese restaurant in they city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
kids are welcome at the punter restaurant , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a children friendly chinese restaurant with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant serving chinese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant providing chinese food . it 's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly

the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
near café sicilia there is a coffee shop named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
near the café sicilia is an average rated coffee shop , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly coffee shop located near the café sicilia .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for a family friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia
for coffee shop style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
the cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly , average rated coffee shop called the cricketers near café sicilia .
for an average rated coffee shop that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers coffee shop food near the café sicilia
the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .

the punter is a restaurant in city centre next to express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
the punter is an italian food restaurant located near express by holiday inn in the city centre . with a price range of £20-25 , it is highly rated and is not conducive for kids .
near express by holiday inn is and italian restaurant called the punter . it has a price range of £20-25 and is not kid-friendly .
the punter is next to express by holiday inn with a price range to £20-25 great service an italian food
located near express by holiday inn in the city centre is a highly rated restaurant called the punter . the punter is not conducive for kids . they serve italian food with a price range of £20-25 .
the punter , near express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant with a price range of £20-25 , and was given a high customer rating but is not kid-friendly .

the vaults pub has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the up market french pub , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is high price pub serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .
there is high price pub named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly

the punter is a cheap , family-friendly , italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café , in riverside . it has an average customer rating .
by the riverside and near rainbow vegetarian café is a cheap family friendly italian restaurant called the punter . it has a customer rating of average .
on the river next to rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant called the punter .
there is cheap italian food restaurant called the punter near the rainbow vegetarian café riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant .
the punter is a low priced three-star restaurant located next to rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is located close to rainbow vegetarian café there is a average cheap family friendly italian restaurant .
located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , the punter is a low priced restaurant with a three out of five star rating .
the punter is a cheap , family-friendly , italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café , in riverside , with an average customer rating .
the punter restaurant is low priced , rated three stars and is for the whole family . it is in the city center close to rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fine food .
the punter is a low priced restaurant with a three star rating . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter restaurant is low priced and rated three stars . it is located in the city center close to rainbow vegetarian café . it offers the family fine dining experience .

a high priced restaurant that serves fast food is the phoenix , but has a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they serve fast food , no children menus or services , in a high price range .
the phoenix is a high priced restaurant that serves fast food but is a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located near raja indian cuisine both in the city centre .
there is a restaurant located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , in the high price range . the phoenix provides fast food but no children friendly menu or services are offered .

the punter is an average , cheap , italian restaurant , near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center . they are not family-friendly .
an average , cheap , italian restaurant , near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center , is called the punter . they are not family-friendly .
the punter is a restaurant located in the city center , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
for cheap italian food at a place that is n't family-friendly and has an average customer rating , visit the punter restaurant . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a restaurant located in the city center , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a cheap , non family-friendly , restaurant located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve italian and have an average customer rating .

the mill is an expensive family restaurant that is located near café rouge . it serves british food .
there is a children friendly restaurant called the mill located near the café rouge in the riverside area , it receives high customer ratings and is moderately priced at around £30 .
the mill is a children friendly high rated english restaurant located near café rouge in riverside with a price range of more than £30 .
the mill is in the northern city centre , on the south side of the river , near café rouge .
there is an english restaurant called the mill . it is near café rouge in the riverside area . it is children friendly and in the above £30 price range .
the mill is a highly rated , children friendly restaurant near café rouge in riverside . it has english food and the price range is more than £30 .
the highly rated the mill english restaurant is located in riverside near café rouge and has a price range of more than £30 .
the mill is a kid friendly , high customer rating and moderately priced restaurant located near café rouge in the riverside area .
the mill is an expensive family restaurant that serves british food . it is located near a café rouge .

the cricketers is a chinese restaurant that has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 . it is not children friendly , and is in the riverside area near the all bar one .
a chinese restaurant , the cricketers , is located in riverside near all bar one . it is in the high price range , is rated high by customers , and is not child-friendly .
the cricketers , a chinese restaurant in riverside near all bar one , is in the high price range and is rated high by customers . it is not children-friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food with a price range of over £30 . the customer rating is high and it 's located on a nice riverside . it is n't child-friendly and is located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the riverside area near all bar one . it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 , but is not children friendly .
located near all bar one is a restaurant serving chinese food called the cricketers . its price range is over £30 , reflected in its high customer rating . it is located on a picturesque riverside . it is not child friendly .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant . it is expensive and has a high customer rating . it is n't kid friendly and near all bar one .

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

an expensive adult indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine located riverside is the waterman .
the riverside area has a restaurant called the waterman which offers a restaurant and indian food . it is located near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range . it is not child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant and restaurant located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is an expensive indian restaurant located riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .

the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
there is an average priced pub near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the pub called the wrestlers .
there 's a pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a pub the wrestlers . child friendly italian pub with a moderate price range .
the wrestlers pub is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian pub by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a pub , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly pub offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian pub called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .

located near the town centre and raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant served moderately priced indian dishes in a child-free environment .
the waterman serves medium-priced indian food and coffee in the city centre . it 's by raja indian cuisine . do n't bring your kids .
located near raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant which offers indian food at a moderate price range . it is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre .
the waterman is restaurant which offers indian food . not suitable for children , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a moderate price range .
the waterman is a mid-priced restaurant near the city centre , by raja indian cuisine . not kid friendly .
the waterman is an adults-only restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian dishes in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine .

the adult only french pub , the phoenix , is located near café sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £25 at a 3 out of 5 rated place
in riverside near café sicilia , is a french pub called the phoenix . it is not kid friendly , but it has a 3 out of 5 rating and an average price range of £20-25
located in riverside , near café sicilia , is the phoenix , a french pub that is family-friendly and has average prices and an average rating .
located near café sicilia in riverside , the phoenix is an adult only pub with a 3 out of 5 rating serving french food for under £25
the phoenix is a french pub located in riverside near the café sicilia . it has an average price range of £20-25 and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , however it is not kid friendly .
the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub with moderate prices , and a moderate rating . located in riverside , near café sicilia .

located near the town centre and raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant served moderately priced indian dishes in a child-free environment .
the waterman serves medium-priced indian food and coffee in the city centre . it 's by raja indian cuisine . do n't bring your kids .
located near raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant which offers indian food at a moderate price range . it is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre .
the waterman is restaurant which offers indian food . not suitable for children , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a moderate price range .
the waterman is a mid-priced restaurant near the city centre , by raja indian cuisine . not kid friendly .
the waterman is an adults-only restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian dishes in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine .

an italian pub called the wrestlers is a pub in the area of riverside located near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly place with a high price range of more than £30 .
a children friendly pub near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers is located in riverside and is italian food for more than £30 .
a pub that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
a pub that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
if you 're looking to spend more than £30 , there is a children friendly pub that has italian food near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a children friendly pub that is located in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve italian food with a high price range of more than £30

the pub , the phoenix near the crowne plaza hotel in riverside area . it is child friendly , serves french food , has a 3 out of 5 rating and can be a bit high in price .
the phoenix , serving three star french food to families , located next to crowne plaza hotel .
there is a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre called the phoenix which offers good food at a premium price .
the phoenix is a high price range french pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving high priced french food that is located near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside . it is child friendly and has customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
outside of the city centre and near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a 3-star rated pub . family friendly atmosphere with more wine than whine and cheese , be prepared to spend more here .
the phoenix is a pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves french food and has a high price range .
a better option than crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix , a 3-star pub . families can gather here for wine and cheese while spending more money than they would have at crowne plaza hotel .
next to crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix a family friendly three star french restaurant
the phoenix is by the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is a child friendly , pub , that has food ; the price is a bit high but they have a 3 out of 5 rating .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre which offers good food at a premium price .

the phoenix is a pub that serves french food with a price range of £20-25 . it is highly rated by customers and located by the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . kids are prohibited .
near crowne plaza hotel , in the riverside area is a pub called the phoenix , that is not kid friendly and serves french food in the price range of £20-25 with a high customer rating .
a pub that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is named the phoenix , has french food and a moderate price range and a high customer rating .
the phoenix , which is a pub that is not kid friendly , is near crowne plaza hotel and serves french food in the price range of £20-25 in the riverside area . it has a high customer rating .
a pub that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is named the phoenix , has french food and price range of£20-£30 and a high customer rating .
the phoenix is a highly rated pub with a £20-25 price range located by the riverside close to crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food and kids are not allowed

the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers pub can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers pub which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly pub with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a japanese food pub , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a pub selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food pub called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers pub serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese pub called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
the children friendly pub called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a pub near raja indian cuisine by riverside .

the punter is a 1 out of 5 stars indian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the city centre . it is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food at a high price range . it has 1 out of 5 stars . it is children friendly . it is in the city centre near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

the phoenix is a quaint pub serving french food at a moderate price point , specifically friendly to kids . however it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , but is located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is a family friendly pub called the phoenix . they serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in the medium price range and have a one-star rating .
the phoenix is a one-star rated pub located along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . they serve medium-priced wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere .
a family friendly pub , the phoenix , has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . with a moderate price range , it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars for a decent price located in city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a pub serving french food in the riverside area . it is family friendly with a moderate price range , and located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a pub called the phoenix with a moderate price range that serves french food and is also kid friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars in city center . near crowne plaza hotel
located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub . it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the vaults restaurant has indian food at cheap prices . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside is an indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the vaults . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .
the vaults is an restaurant serving indian food . they are low cost and family friendly , located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an inexpensive , family friendly restaurant in riverside serving indian food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an indian restaurant located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .

the mill is a family-friendly restaurant that sells inexpensive breakfast . the shop is located just outside of city centre , near the river not far from café rouge .
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge next to the river . the shop serves breakfast food at low prices .
the mill is a one star , family friendly restaurant located near café rouge . it 's low-priced .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant with prices less than £20 . they serve english food . they are in the riverside area near café rouge . the mill 's customer rating is low .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the city centre , near to café rouge
the mill is a family friendly restaurant which serves english food within a price range of less than £20 , but has low customer rating . it is located near café rouge in the riverside area .
along the riverside , near to café rouge , there is a family friendly restaurant , called the mill , which serves english food costing less than £20 . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the city centre , near to café rouge
there is a one star , low-priced restaurant called the mill located near café rouge that is family friendly .
the mill is located in the riverside area near café rouge . the mill is an english , family friendly restaurant with low customer rating . their prices are less than £20 .
the mill , a family friendly restaurant located by the riverside near café rouge serves english food for less than £20 , it has been low-rated .

if you are looking for a family-friendly pub that offers french eats , try the riverside area 's giraffe , located near the raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub that has french food and is children friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
want to visit a pub that also serves french food , children-friendly near the raja indian cuisine go visit the giraffe .
the children friendly pub that has french food near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is giraffe .
giraffe is a family friendly pub . it serves french food in riverside setting , near the raja indian cuisine .
children friendly pub giraffe that serves french food can be found at riverside near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub serving french food , located riverside near raja indian cuisine and is child-friendly .
giraffe , a child-friendly pub located by the riverside serving french food , near raja indian cuisine .
the pub giraffe serves french food and is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area there is a child friendly pub called giraffe . it provides french cuisine .

there is a restaurant called wildwood located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and serves indian food .
wildwood is a restaurant that is children friendly that serves indian food and is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant . they also serve indian food . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant that sells indian food in riverside near raja indian cuisine named wildwood . wildwood is family friendly .
the restaurant serving indian food on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine is the wildwood . it is family friendly .
there is a restaurant wildwood that is located in riverside that serves indian food . it is children friendly and near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant that sells indian food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are children friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside area . it is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
a children friendly restaurant that serves indian food is wildwood and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the site wildwood is a restaurant type , it offers indian food , is located in riverside , is ideal for children and friends , and is near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is an indian restaurant in the riverside area . this restaurant is very family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside is a family friendly indian restaurant named wildwood , this restaurant is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside . it is a kid friendly place near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant that serves indiana food .
the wildwood is a family friendly restaurant that offers indian food . it is in riverside and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is a child friendly indian restaurant . it is located in riverside next to the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine offering indian food .
wildwood is a children friendly restaurant that serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
at riverside near raja indian cuisine , wildwood is a kid friendly indian restaurant .

the mill ' is a pub that serves expensive british food . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a child friendly pub near to raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve english food . the price range is high
there is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill
the mill is a pub near raja indian cuisine and offers english food and is child friendly . it is in riverside and is expensive .
there is an expensive child friendly pub in riverside called the mill that offers english food and it 's near raja indian cuisine .
there is an english pub name the mill in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
there is a children friendly english pub in the riverside area . it is high price range . it is called the mill , and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill its a pub for all family with good food located near raja indian cuisine
the mill is a high priced pub , that offers english food and is kid friendly . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a pub near to raja indian cuisine which resides in the riverside are . it 's child friendly and serves english food . the price range is high

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers , which has average customer ratings and provides a kids-friendly atmosphere within a restaurant .
the child friendly restaurant called the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the crowne plaza hotel and holds a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near to crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant boasting a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers , a children friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant , with 3 out of 5 customer rating it 's near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
given 3 out of 5 , the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .

there is a cheaply-priced pub named the phoenix near crowne plaza hotel in riverside . children are not allowed .
the phoenix is a french , family-friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . the phoenix has an average customer rating and prices in the average range .
let 's go to that french pub by crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix , it 's right beside the river and it 's cheaper than £20 , however it 's not family-friendly and its customer rating is average .
the phoenix is a french pub near crowne plaza hotel . this coffee ship is family-friendly , has average customer ratings , and average prices .
the phoenix is a french pub near crowne plaza hotel , and beside the river , costing roughly £20 , it 's a bit cheaper , however it 's not family-friendly , and its customer rating is average .
the phoenix is a pub near crowne plaza hotel in riverside . it has low-prices and is not family-friendly .

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

the cricketers is this restaurant , but it also has chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating . it 's not kid friendly and it 's near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds . it has a high customer rating , and in the middle of town . it is not child friendly , however there is a all bar one near by for their needs .
the chinese cricketers restaurant which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . the cricketers does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . there is a all bar one nearby .
located in the city centre , near all bar one , the cricketers is a non children-friendly restaurant which serves chinese food . it has a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings .
the cricketers is a restaurant with chinese food . this establishment has earned a high customer rating . they charge more than 30 pounds . they are located in the city centre near all bar one and are not family friendly .
a highly-rated chinese establishment is the cricketers . this restaurant is centrally located , near all bar one . they have a price range of over 30 pounds . please remember they do not allow children .
a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is the cricketers . this no children-friendly restaurant has slightly high price range , but high customer ratings . it is located near all bar one .

a moderate price range indian restaurant called the punter is near express by holiday inn in riverside . it has a poor customer rating and is not kid friendly .
the punter is a indian restaurant with medium prices located in riverside near express by holiday inn . customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn that is an indian restaurant called the punter . it is moderate price range with a one out of 5 customer rating that is not kid friendly .
the punter is a restaurant . it is located near express by holiday inn . it has a low customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a medium priced indian restaurant located in riverside near express by holiday inn .

the mill is a kid friendly coffee with a high customer rating that serves fast food at a price range of £20-25 , located near café rouge in the city centre .
located near café rouge , the kid friendly , highly rated pub , the mill is kid friendly restaurant that also serves fast food with a price range £20-25 .
a family-friendly pub that serves fast food with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 , the mill , is located in the city centre , near café rouge .
the mill is a pub that also offers reasonably priced fast food around e20-e25 . they are located in the city center near café rouge . last year , they received high customer ratings and have been found very kid friendly .
the mill is a fast food restaurant located near café rouge in city centre . it is a high rated , kid friendly pub with a price range £20-25 .
there is a great pub named the mill located in the centre of the city near café rouge . they offer fast food , and are reasonably priced with meals costing around e20-e25 . they have a high customer rating and are very kid friendly .

the mill is a pub located near café sicilia that serves fast food . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in city centre .
in the city centre near café sicilia there 's a cheap fast food pub named the mill . it is family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a low-priced , family-friendly , fast food restaurant and pub with a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located near café sicilia in the city centre .
if you 're looking for a cheap , family-friendly fast food pub , with an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 , then go to the mill located near café sicilia in the city centre .
the mill is a family-friendly fast food restaurant near café sicilia . it serves coffee , price range is cheap and has a high customer rating .
the mill is a cheap family-friendly fast food pub in the city centre near café sicilia . they are family-friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly coffee shop
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers coffee shop food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
the children friendly coffee shop named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
there is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop near the express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a coffee shop called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced coffee shop that the whole family will enjoy .
a coffee shop with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the children friendly coffee shop named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
a kid friendly coffee shop is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
the cricketers coffee shop near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .
the cricketers are kids friendly coffee shop in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings called the cricketers
a popular child friendly coffee shop is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly coffee shop located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers , a family friendly coffee shop near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly coffee shop called the cricketers with a high customer rating .

the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel
for a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly restaurant located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
stunning crowne plaza hotel restaurant the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating

the phoenix is a cheap adult pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . they serve french food and have great reviews .
the french pub , the phoenix , is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . they are adult oriented and have great reviews .
for a cheap pub offering french food , try the phoenix . it is located in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
try the phoenix . this five out of five rated pub has french food for cheap in the city centre . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
if you are looking for a cheap french pub with a 5 out of 5 rating that is not family-friendly , visit the phoenix in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a highly rated french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they offer low prices , but are not family-friendly .

in the riverside is a family friendly french pub named the phoenix with a price range of less than £20 near crowne plaza hotel has an average customer rating .
the phoenix , the low-price pub located along the river , is city centre 's three star shop near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a cheap pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five .
the phoenix is a pub at the riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , and serves french food for less than £20 and is family friendly
the phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . the shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . the phoenix is low priced and rated a 3 out of 5 stars . the phoenix is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub located near the river , perfect of family days out with children . the phoenix offers a range of food , snacks , wine and coffee at low prices . the pub is rated 3 out of 5 stars and situated near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a three star low-price coffee show located in north city centre called the phoenix . if you are looking for it you can use the crowne plaza hotel nearby as a landmark .
in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , there is a cheap pub called the phoenix . it is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five .
near the crowne plaza hotel at the riverside for less than £20 , the phoenix is family friendly and serves french food
the phoenix is a french family friendly and average rated pub near crowne plaza hotel that has a price range of less than £20 in the riverside area .
the phoenix is in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it has a average customer rating , serving french food in a pub atmosphere . the price range is less than £20 .

there is a pub that serves italian food located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre area called the vaults . while it is children friendly it ranges in price for more than £30 and high customer ratings .
a children friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults , it is in the city centre and serves italian with a price range of more than £30 with a high customer rating .
near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is a pub named the vaults , which serves italian at a price range of more than £30 and it has a high customer rating .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in city centre . they are highly rated , child friendly , and offer a mid-priced selection .
the vaults is a pub that offers italian food with high ratings and is children friendly . it can be found near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre area . price range is more than £30 .
there is a highly-rated child friendly establishment in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults is an italian pub with average prices .

the vaults pub is a family friendly three star venue situated close to rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a kid friendly italian pub in riverside . it 's near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's expensive and gets average customer ratings .
there is a high-priced italian pub called the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area that is child-friendly but has an average customer rating .
the vaults is an expensive italian pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
there is an average rated rainbow vegetarian café located on the riverside that provides pub type food . next door is a high priced italian eater named the vaults .
rainbow vegetarian café is children friendly , located on the riverside , has an average customer rating , provides pub quality food . there is a high price ranged italian eatery named the vaults nearby .
three star family friendly pub the vaults , is situated close to rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
the vaults is a pricey , family friendly italian pub in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's rated 3 out of 5 .
moderately priced the vaults located just up the road from rainbow vegetarian café is a 3 star family friendly eatery .
the vaults , an italian pub in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café is child-friendly with a high price range but an average rating .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café , in city centre . it has a 3 out of 5 star rating , it 's family friendly , but the food is pricey .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

the vaults is a restaurant which serves moderate priced french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is a french restaurant with a moderate price range , but is n't kid friendly , and it located near raja indian cuisine on riverside .
the vaults is a french restaurant in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant with french food near to raja indian cuisine
the vaults is on riverside has a moderate price its close to raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant called the vaults near raja indian cuisine that serves moderate priced food is in the riverside area and is for adults .

the mill pub is near café sicilia in the city centre . it has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub selling fast food . it is not family-friendly , low price range with a low customer rating . it is located in the city centre near café sicilia .
in the city centre you will find a low rated fast food pub named the mill . it is located near café sicilia with items averaging less than £20 , however it is not family-friendly .
the mill is a fast food pub located on the city centre near café sicilia . though it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating it has cheap food with prices less than £20 .
low priced pub selling fast food , located near café sicilia in the city centre . the mill is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill pub , near café sicilia in the city centre , has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating .

located near the express by holiday inn in the city centre is a pub named green man . they serve japanese food and are not family-friendly .
the green man is a pub near express by holiday inn in the city centre which serves japanese food . it is not family-friendly .
the green man is a non-family-friendly pub that serves japanese food near the express by holiday inn in the city centre .
for a pub that serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre and that is n't family-friendly then go to the green man
near the express by holiday inn in the city centre there is a non family-friendly pub called the green man , it serves japanese food .
green man is a pub that is n't family-friendly , serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre

stunning crowne plaza hotel coffee shop the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel .
a kid friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly coffee shop located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel

a cheap chinese restaurant near raja indian cuisine located riverside and is family-friendly is the plough .
if you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing , you may wish to try the plough . it offers a restaurant and chinese food , and is near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the plough is a cheap chinese restaurant located riverside by raja indian cuisine . it is a family friendly establishment .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine you will find the plough . a low priced family restaurant offering chinese food .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and has cheap pricing .

the wrestlers is a japanese pub located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this pub is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
average priced food at the wrestlers pub . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers pub located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly pub . this pub has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers pub is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers pub . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this pub can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese pub named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged pub located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .

5 out of 5 for this pub , although no facilities for children . it is close to raja indian cuisine , called the wrestlers near to the riverside has a price list of more than £30 serves japanese cuisine .
the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . this pub is expensive in addition to highly-rated at 5 out of 5 . not child friendly , you can find expensive japanese food at the wrestlers .
if you do n't mind leaving the kids at home , the wrestlers is an expensive japanese pub is one food option . located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 rating .
the wrestlers serving japanese cuisine in its pub does not cater for children . it is situated close to raja indian cuisine near riverside . it has a price list of more than £30 but has a customer review of 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlers is an expensive child-friendly japanese pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it receives low customer ratings .
the wrestlers is a child-friendly japanese pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it receives low customer ratings and is in the high price range .

the mill is a cheap pub that also serves fast food . it is located in the city centre near a café sicilia . customers rate it a 5 out of 5 . it is not family-friendly .
the mill serves cheap fast food . located near the café sicilia , it is not family-friendly . great rating of 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a cheap pub in the city centre . located near a café sicilia , it also serves fast food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers . however , it is not family-friendly .
cheaply priced , city centre pub the mill is the fast food alternative to nearby café sicilia , scoring a top customer rating despite not being family-friendly .
the mill pub sells cheap fast food . located in the city centre near café sicilia , it is not recommended for families .
the mill located near café sicilia serves cheap pub fast food . it has a 5 out of 5 rating but not family-friendly .

restaurant called the cricketers is family-friendly , sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , it is located in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly .
the cricketers is a highly rated english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it is cheap and family-friendly .
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant near café rouge that is family-friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating .
the city centre has an english restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating called the cricketers . it is near café rouge , is family-friendly and cheap .

if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly pub called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly pub located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly pub the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a children-friendly pub that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
there is a high priced range pub called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is pub serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults pub offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults pub offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .

this non kid friendly restaurant called the vaults , can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers indian food at a high price range .
the vaults is a high priced restaurant serving indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , not family friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food at a higher cost . they are located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine and do not allow children .
in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine sits a high priced restaurant called the vaults , that offers indian food at a non child friendly establishment .
the vaults restaurant offers indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
a high priced restaurant called the vaults serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine but is not family friendly .
an option for indian cuisine is the vaults . this is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . this establishment costs more than others and does not allow children .

moderately priced adult-only chinese pub , the punter , can be found in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub that provides chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly .
the punter is a moderately priced pub in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food and does not welcome children .
the punter is a moderately priced pub located in the city centre . it provides chinese food . it is not kids friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in city centre , enjoy a moderately priced chinese lunch and coffee at the punter . this pub does not cater to children .
the punter is a non kid friendly pub and moderately priced chinese establishment located in city centre , near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city city . it is moderately priced and serves chinese food . children are not welcome .

if you 're looking for a children-free pub , check out the phoenix . located near the café sicilia at the city centre . the phoenix offers fast food ranging more than £30 . rated high by customers .
in the city centre , near to café sicilia , is the highly rated pub called the phoenix . it is not child friendly and is in the price bracket of £30 or more .
the phoenix is highly rated pub located in the city centre , near to café sicilia . it is priced in the more than £30 range and is not children friendly .
the phoenix is a fast food pub located at the centre of the city , near the café sicilia . the phoenix offers a children-free atmosphere , and the prices range more than £30 . rated high .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers restaurant can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a restaurant selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a restaurant near raja indian cuisine by riverside .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food restaurant called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers restaurant which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the children friendly restaurant called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers restaurant serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .

the cricketers a restaurant that serves chinese food that is located in the riverside area near all bar one was rated a 1 out of 5 by their customers . the cricketers is a kid friendly establishment and the pricing is moderate .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
a restaurant named the cricketers located in riverside near all bar one , that provides moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant with chinese food . price is moderate , but 1 out of 5 people like it . it 's on a riverside , and it 's near all bar one

a cheap english pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is called the mill . it is n't family-friendly .
located next to raja indian cuisine , is a non family low priced pub called the mill .
nearby the city centre and raja indian cuisine , the mill is a cheap pub that is not family friendly .
the mill is a low priced , non family pub located next to raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a cheap english pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't family-friendly .
the mill ' is a pub located on the riverside , near 'raja indian cuisine ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than £20 , and are not family-friendly .
there is a adults only cheap pub the mill serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a cheap pub the mill serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the pub 'the mill ' is located on the riverside , near 'raja indian cuisine ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than £20 , and are not family-friendly .

the phoenix is a cheap , family-friendly french pub , in the riverside area . it is near crowne plaza hotel , and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the phoenix is a family-friendly restaurant , near crowne plaza hotel , that offers an affordable menu of cheeses , breads , soups and alcohol . it has a five-star rating .
the phoenix is an inexpensive , 5-star pub that offers a menu of fruits , cheeses and wines that the whole family is welcome to enjoy . they are located north of the city center , beside a crowne plaza hotel and the river .
the phoenix is a five-star restaurant and pub , located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub located near crowne plaza hotel in riverside . at a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and its cheap this makes a great family friendly place .
the phoenix pub it a cheap and a family friendly place situated down the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . this is the main reason for receiving a 5 out of 5 customer rating score .
the phoenix can be found north of the city center , near a crowne plaza hotel , with a view of the river . for their cheap prices , you and your family can receive 5-star cheeses , fruits and wines .
the phoenix is a inexpensive 5 star family restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a family friendly , french pub the phoenix . it is a cheap place in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
in the riverside area , there is a family-friendly french pub called the phoenix . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the phoenix is a cheap pub situated at the riverside near crowne plaza hotel .

wildwood is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub that serves indiana food .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub . they also serve indian food . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that is children friendly that serves indian food and is near raja indian cuisine .
the pub serving indian food on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine is the wildwood . it is family friendly .
wildwood is a family friendly pub on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine offering indian food .
at riverside near raja indian cuisine , wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub .
a children friendly pub that serves indian food is wildwood and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called wildwood located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and serves indian food .
there is a pub that sells indian food in riverside near raja indian cuisine named wildwood . wildwood is family friendly .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside area . it is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside is a family friendly indian pub named wildwood , this pub is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is an indian pub in the riverside area . this pub is very family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside . it is a kid friendly place near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is a family friendly pub that offers indian food . it is in riverside and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the site wildwood is a pub type , it offers indian food , is located in riverside , is ideal for children and friends , and is near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a child friendly indian pub . it is located in riverside next to the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that sells indian food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are children friendly .
there is a pub wildwood that is located in riverside that serves indian food . it is children friendly and near raja indian cuisine .

there is a high priced pub , called the vaults , near raja indian cuisine by the riverside that provides japanese food . it rates 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly .
by the riverside is a pub called the vaults that serves japanese food near raja indian cuisine . it is rated average , not child friendly and priced a bit high .
the vaults is an expensive japanese pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine that is not child friendly . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a high priced pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and is not child friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside is a high priced japanese pub , rated 3 out of 5 , called the vaults . it is not children friendly .
an average rated , not child friendly pub called the vaults is priced high . it is near raja indian cuisine , serves japanese food and is by the riverside .

the mill is a low priced pub located near the café sicilia by the river .
near café sicilia is located the mill . this can be found in the riverside area . the mill is a family friendly pub with great prices and average customer service .
located in riverside near café sicilia , the mill , with an average customer rating , is a family friendly fast food serving pub with a cheap price range .
the mill is an average , family friendly , and inexpensive fast food option in riverside . you can find this pub near café sicilia .
the mill is located near café sicilia in the riverside area . the mill is a very delegate pub that is family friendly and offers fast food , the customer rating is average and the prices are cheap .
the mill is an inexpensive pub which serves burgers and fries located along the river near café sicilia . it has three-stars and is family-friendly .
the mill is a family friendly fast food serving coffee ship with cheap price range and an average customer rating . it is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill pub has a good offer on soft drinks , potato fries and burgers . the quality is all right for the money and it is a family friendly local , nearby café sicilia .
the mill is a family-friendly affordable pub located north of the city centre by the café sicilia .
you wo n't pay much for fries , burgers and soft drinks at the mill pub , the quality is all right and it is close to café sicilia .
near café sicilia in riverside you will find the mill . it is your average pub with inexpensive fast food options and a family friendly environment .

near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers , which has average customer ratings and provides a kids-friendly atmosphere within a restaurant .
the child friendly restaurant called the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the crowne plaza hotel and holds a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near to crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant boasting a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers , a children friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant , with 3 out of 5 customer rating it 's near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
given 3 out of 5 , the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .

the phoenix is a french pub near to riverside and crowne plaza hotel . it is kid friendly , has an average price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the three star pub , the phoenix , gives families an mid-priced dining experience featuring a variety of wines and cheeses . find the phoenix near crowne plaza hotel .
found near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix pub provides mid-priced wine and cheese dining for the whole family .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near the river and crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub serves food at mid range prices . it is family friendly and has a three star rating . it is based in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a riverside pub called the phoenix that has french food at an average price range . it is child friendly , located near crowne plaza hotel , and has a 3 customer rating .
in the riverside area , near the crowne plaza hotel , there is a kid friendly pub named the phoenix . it serves french food in the £20-25 price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a riverside french pub with an average price range of 20-25 pounds . it is near crowne plaza hotel , is kid friendly , and has a 3 customer rating .

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers restaurant can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a restaurant selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a restaurant near raja indian cuisine by riverside .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food restaurant called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers restaurant which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the children friendly restaurant called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers restaurant serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .

the mill is rated 3 out of 5 , with moderate pricing pub . located near the center of the city and the fast food café sicilia it is kid friendly .
in the center of the city near café sicilia , the fast food , is a kid friendly pub named the mill . customers rate it a 3 out of 5 , with moderate pricing .
the mill is pub with a service of fast food in the city centre very close of café sicilia
the mill pub is located in the city centre near café sicilia . it is a kid friendly moderately price establishment which offers fast food . customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub located in the city centre near of café sicilia that bring a service of fast food
a pub called the mill is kid friendly . it located in the city centre near café sicilia . it offers fast food at moderate prices . it 's rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

the mill is a moderately priced pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is not the type of place people bring their kids .
in the city center near raja indian cuisine , there is a non kids friendly pub named , the mill . the price range is moderate and they have english food .
a pub which serve english food in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine is a pub called the mill with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place .
the mill is a pub which serve english food . the location is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . the place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
there is a pub named the mill in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .
the mill is a non kids friendly pub , that has moderate price ranged english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .

in the city centre near to all bar one is the cricketers chinese restaurant , it has bad customer ratings but it is child friendly .
as a restaurant also offering up chinese food , the cricketers is a wonderful play to visit . priced in the higher range , customers have given this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating . located near the center . of the city , children are welcome here and the cricketers offers a menu that they would also enjoy . located near all bar one , the cricketers should be on everyone 's list as a place to try .
a restaurant serving chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly is the cricketers , located near all bar one in city centre .
delicious chinese food offered at the cricketers is located center . city next to all bar one . offering up delicious cuisine in the upper range price , the cricketers is child friendly . rated a 1 out of 5 rating , this place will please even the pickiest eaters .
the cricketers restaurant with high price range with chinese food is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant service chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but is child friendly , near all bar one in city centre .

there is a kid friendly pub called the phoenix in riverside are that is price ranged more than 30 . they have french food and it has a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's near a crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is located at the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5
there is a french food pub that received 5 out 5 in customer ratings . it is the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly , and will cost more than 30 pounds to eat there .
the phoenix is a pub located in city center . by the crowne plaza hotel . the high-priced pub serves a light menu of british style food along with alcohol . this family-friendly pub receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers .
a good pub that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the phoenix . it is in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel . it costs more than 30 pounds and is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub that offers wine . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
try the phoenix , a highly-rated french restaurant , described by customers as a 5 out of 5 . the pub 's menu and ambiance is high-end , so you should expect to pay above £30 . it 's children-friendly , so your kids will love it too . it is located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel .
located inside city center. , next to the crowne plaza hotel , is the high-priced pub the phoenix . this well-reviewed pub , 5 out of 5 stars , is a family-friendly establishment that serves british style food and alcohol .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is a french food place called the phoenix . customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating its a pub that is kid friend .
if you are in the riverside area , try the phoenix , a high-end pub , located near crowne plaza hotel . at £30 and above , its menu is a bit pricey , but its 5 out of 5 customer rating proves that its delectable , children-friendly french food is well worth every penny .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine and is located near crowne plaza hotel and is family friendly .

the mill is a low-priced pub serving fast food , located by the riverside near café sicilia . it caters to adults and its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
at riverside near café sicilia , there is a pub called the mill which provides fast food . it is not family-friendly and is in the cheap price range . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub that provides fast food . it is located at riverside near café sicilia . it is not family-friendly , in the cheap price range and has a customer rating 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at great prices . it has gotten fantastic reviews . the mill is located riverside near café sicilia .
located at the riverside near café sicilia , the mill is a fast food pub with great ratings , and cheap prices . the mill offers a quiet setting with no amenities for children .
in the riverside area near café sicilia is a low-cost pub named the mill . it serves fast food catered towards adults and rates 5 out of 5 .

the vaults is a japanese pub . it is not family-friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the customer rating is low . the price range is less than £20 .
the vaults pub is a cheap 1 star sushi restaurant . it 's located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . not family friendly . it offers deliveries , take-out and eat-in .
the vaults is a pub in city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is inexpensive and lowly rated . it is not a good place to take children .
the vaults is a japanese pub on the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly . the customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20 .
the vaults pub serves japanese food in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine . it is cheap , not family friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5 stars .
for cheap japanese food in the town centre , the vaults is a pub close to raja indian cuisine but not family friendly . it is cheap and has 1 out of 5 stars .
the vaults is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating , but it is family-friendly .
the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre . it is a cheap pub with a one star rating . it is not family friendly .
there is a japanese pub called the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating . it is also family-friendly .
the vaults is a pub providing not a family-friendly atmosphere . it serves japanese food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside . it has a low customer rating .
the vaults is a japanese style pub in the price range less than £20 with a low customer rating . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .

in the riverside area there is a coffee shop named wildwood .
a coffee shop named wildwood is located at the riverside .
a coffee shop near the river is wildwood .
wildwood is a coffee shop located in riverside

the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this restaurant is not kid friendly .
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly restaurant . this restaurant has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers restaurant . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this restaurant can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
average priced food at the wrestlers restaurant . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
the wrestlers is a restaurant providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers restaurant is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced

found near crowne plaza hotel , clowns is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns that is near crowne plaza hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's called clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a popular coffee shop in clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop in clowns with a rating 5 out of 5 .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating , check out clowns near crowne plaza hotel .
5 out of 5 rated clowns coffee shop is located near crowne plaza hotel .
near crowne plaza hotel is a coffee shop named clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

located near the town centre and raja indian cuisine , the waterman pub served moderately priced indian dishes in a child-free environment .
the waterman is pub which offers indian food . not suitable for children , it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a moderate price range .
the waterman serves medium-priced indian food and coffee in the city centre . it 's by raja indian cuisine . do n't bring your kids .
the waterman is an adults-only pub that serves moderately-priced indian dishes in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a mid-priced pub near the city centre , by raja indian cuisine . not kid friendly .
located near raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a pub which offers indian food at a moderate price range . it is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre .

near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a restaurant offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a kids friendly restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
the vaults is an average-priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

the wrestlers is located close to raja indian cuisine . they are a pub with low prices .
near raja indian cuisine there is a pub called the wrestlers that offers less than £20 italian food and is by the river side . kids not welcome
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers is an adult only pub , that is low cost .
the wrestlers is a pub close to raja indian cuisine with low prices and not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a low cost pub . it is by raja indian cuisine , and is adult only .
the wrestlers is a pub that provides pasta in the low price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced pub near raja indian cuisine that provides pasta .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area you can find the wrestlers . this adult pub serves inexpensive italian food .

the vaults pub serves japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is a pub called the vaults . it serves japanese food with a rating of 3 out of 5 . it is n't kids friendly and has a £20-25 price range .
the vaults , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , is a pub serving japanese food in the £20-£25 price range , not child friendly .
the vaults pub serves japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre
the vaults is in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , it is a japanese food serving pub with a £20-25 price range . it is n't kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
the vaults , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , is a not kid-friendly pub serving japanese food in the £20-£25 price range .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

the waterman serves coffee and indian food for less that £20 . it is near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the waterman is a restaurant which serves indian food for under £20 . it is on the riverside , it is family friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a family friendly restaurant providing indian food for £20 or less . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can eat at the restaurant the waterman . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , is family friendly , and offers indian food .
the waterman is a reasonably priced , family friendly , restaurant that also serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

near the raja indian cuisine in riverside with a price range of 20£-25 and is kids friendly is a fast food restaurant called the mill
near raja indian cuisine at riverside there is a restaurant called the mill which provides fast food . it has a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly .
for under £25 the mill offers a kid friendly restaurant serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the mill in riverside with a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly is near the raja indian cuisine is a fast food restaurant
the mill is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine at riverside providing fast food . its price range is £20-25 and it is kids friendly .
the mill is a fast food restaurant that 's kid friendly where you can eat for under £25 and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside

near rainbow vegetarian café blue spice restaurant chinese in city centre family friendly no .
the blue spice is a restaurant that also serves chinese food , it 's located in the city center . the restaurant is n't very family friendly , but the proximity to the rainbow vegetarian café makes up for it .
a restaurant named blue spice is located in the city centre . it is for adults and is close to rainbow vegetarian café . they offer chinese food .
there is a restaurant blue spice located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . it is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located in the city centre . it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
located in the city center . right next to the rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant , blue spice , has wonderful chinese food . the blue spice is perfect for date night , but i would n't recommend bringing your family there .
blue spice , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a restaurant that also sells chinese food . children should not visit .

fast food pub called the mill in riverside area near café sicilia ; not family-friendly , low cost and low customer rating .
the mill is an inexpensive pub that is unfortunately not family friendly . located north of the city center . beside the river , their 1-star fast food is competing against the close by café sicilia .
the mill is a riverside pub offering fast food at average prices . located near café sicilia , it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
the mill can be found north of the city center. , beside the river and a café sicilia . this non-family friendly restaurant offers inexpensive fast food in favor for their terrible service .
the mill is a pub with no family-friendly staff with price range less than £20 provides fast food located near the café sicilia at the riverside with low customer rating .
located in the city centre by café sicilia , with a one star rating from customers , is a pub by the name of the mill . it 's cheap , and for adults only .
the mill is a pub in the low price range serving fast food located near café sicilia on the riverside . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at moderate prices . located near the riverside café sicilia it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
near the café sicilia in the city centre is a low priced , low rated pub named the mill that is n't family friendly
the mill is a low price fast food near the café sicilia with low customer rating .
the mill is a pub in the city centre by café sicilia . it is inexpensive , is rated one star by customers , and is not family friendly .

the pub , the mill , is a moderately priced fast food establishment that is kid friendly and rates 1 out of 5 so far , next to it 's neighbour café sicilia at city centre .
the mill is a pub , and moderately priced , next to café sicilia at city centre . rating : 1 out of 5 . kid friendly .
if looking for kid friendly fast food , the mill pub is located in the city centre near café sicilia . with a rating of 1-5 , the price range is moderate .
the mill is a moderate priced , kid friendly pub . located in the city centre near café sicilia , this fast food pub has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the mill is a fast food pub located in city centre , near café sicilia .
the mill is a fast food pub located in city centre , near café sicilia .

the vaults , a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range , with a rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves italian food and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the pub the vaults is located near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside , it has a moderate price range and a kid friendly atmosphere with italian food and a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving food . located next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
the vaults pub is a family café . mid-range price and very close to rainbow vegetarian café restaurant .
the vaults is a family oriented pub and it 's affordable . it 's next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
a family safe , mid priced pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café is the vaults .
in riverside located near rainbow vegetarian café , is kids friendly pub with a moderate price range . it is rated 3 out of 5 and serves italian food , it is called the vaults .
the vaults is a pub located just outside the city center for families that serves food . located next to the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a pub which has a moderate price range and is kid friendly called the vaults with italian food and a customer taking of 3 out of 5 .

the phoenix pub is in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food of high prices . not being child friendly customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is the phoenix . a pub that serves french food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it has a high price range . no children .
the phoenix is a french pub located in the city centre . it has a high price range , but a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel , and is not children friendly .
the french restaurant , the phoenix , is a high priced pub near crowne plaza hotel . it is not children friendly , and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a city centre pub near crowne plaza hotel . rated 3 out of 5 by customers , it 's french food falls within a high price range . no for children .
in the city centre close to crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix pub . serving french food and prices being on the high side . this is n't child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food with a low customer rating with meals less than £20 and is family friendly in city centre area near express by holiday inn .
a restaurant serving indian food with a price range less than £20 and a low customer rating in city centre near express by holiday inn is the punter .
the punter is a restaurant serving indian food in the price range of less than £20 , with low customer ratings in the city centre area near express by holiday inn and is family friendly .
the punter is and indian restaurant in the city centre located near express by holiday inn , they are family friendly , low ratings and priced less than 20 .
looking for a restaurant serving indian food in the price range of less than £20 , with low customer ratings in the city centre area near express by holiday inn and is family friendly , then visit the punter .
for a family friendly indian restaurant in the city centre near express by holiday inn the punter offers prices less than 20 .

there is a pub named cocum located near café sicilia . the customer rating is high .
near café sicilia is a high rated pub called cocum
pub located near café sicilia called cocum with a high customer rating
for a pub with high customer rating near café sicilia , try cocum .
pub cocum has a high customer rating and is located near café sicilia .
there is a high rated pub named cocum near café sicilia .

there is a french pub the phoenix with excellent customer rating . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , cheap and family-friendly .
the phoenix is a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating . it sells french food by the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre , you can bring your kids and get a cheap meal .
there 's a family-friendly pub called the phoenix selling french food . it 's rated 5 out of 5 and it 's cheap as well , you can find it by crowne plaza hotel in the city centre .
the cheap highly rated family-friendly pub called the phoenix is located in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food .
in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel , there is a cheap highly rated pub called the phoenix , which serves french food and is family-friendly .
the phoenix , a french , affordable pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with excellent customer service .

the punter is a family friendly restaurant that provides indian food with prices less than £20 . it is located on the riverside near express by holiday inn . low customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant that provides indian food with prices less than £20 . it has a low customer rating and is located on the riverside near express by holiday inn . it is family friendly .
there is a cheap restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn that serves indian food called the punter .
indian food in less than £20 , is offered by a restaurant named the punter , it is family friendly with low customer rating and situated in riverside near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a low rated restaurant in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn . they also serve indian food for less than £20 in a family friendly setting .
the punter is a restaurant having indian food less than £20 , it is family friendly with low customer rating , and located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a cheap restaurant that serves indian near riverside and express by holiday inn

the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the city centre near all bar one and is children friendly
there 's a children friendly restaurant serving chinese food called the cricketers which is in the high price range with an average customer rating . it 's in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the city centre near all bar one . it 's price range is high and has an average customer rating . it 's suitable for children .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .

the english restaurant , 'the punter ' , is a highly priced place near raja indian cuisine . the food has more of an adult taste to it .
the punter is an english restaurant located along the river near raja indian cuisine . the prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .
located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , you will find the restaurant the punter , serving a traditional english menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .
catering a traditional english menu , the punter restaurant sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby raja indian cuisine . the punter is not considered child friendly .
there is an english restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area called the punter . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
the punter is an english restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

there is a inexpensive indian restaurant called the waterman , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre its not for all the family .
there is a cheap restaurant the waterman located in the centre of the city by the not family friend raja indian cuisine that provides indian food at less then less than £20 .
there is a restaurant in the city centre serving indian food and costing less than £20 . it 's called the waterman and is near raja indian cuisine . not family friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant that serves indian food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre . not family friendly .
the waterman , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , is a cheap indian restaurant its not the most family friendly .
there 's a non family friendly indian restaurant called the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the city center for less than £20 .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the low price range . it is located in the city centre however not family friendly it is near raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers is a family friendly pub that is fairly priced and serves sushi . it is located next to the raja indian cuisine .
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside , you will find the wrestlers . a decently priced , child friendly coffee chop and japanese food establishment .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine . it is in the average price range .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub offering a child friendly environment . they are located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a decently priced pub and japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside . it is close to raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese , family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers and is moderately priced .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , family friendly japanese pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
there is a fairly priced pub near raja indian cuisine that serves sushi and is called the wrestlers .
in riverside you can find a japanese pub of moderate price called the wrestlers . they offer a child friendly environment and can be found near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults pub is family-friendly french food shop in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults pub is family-friendly french food in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
near raja cuisine , in the city centre is a pub offering french food . the vaults is cheap and family-friendly .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is a cheap , family-friendly french pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
french food can be found at the vaults which is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a family-friendly pub and has a price range of less than £20 .

giraffe , a child-friendly restaurant located by the riverside serving french food , near raja indian cuisine .
if you are looking for a family-friendly restaurant that offers french eats , try the riverside area 's giraffe , located near the raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a family friendly restaurant . it serves french food in riverside setting , near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area there is a child friendly restaurant called giraffe . it provides french cuisine .
giraffe is a restaurant serving french food , located riverside near raja indian cuisine and is child-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant that has french food and is children friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
want to visit a restaurant that also serves french food , children-friendly near the raja indian cuisine go visit the giraffe .
the children friendly restaurant that has french food near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is giraffe .
the restaurant giraffe serves french food and is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
children friendly restaurant giraffe that serves french food can be found at riverside near raja indian cuisine .

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

there is a high price range japanese restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is child friendly called the wrestlers
near the raja indian cuisine is children-friendly in the riverside area . it is a restaurant with japanese food with a high price range named the wrestlers .
there is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . they do offer a higher price range but are children friendly .
the wrestlers located near raja indian cuisine in riverside is a high prices but child friendly japanese restaurant .
the wrestlers is a restaurant who is child friendly that sells japanese food within a high price range near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
near the raja indian cuisine is children-friendly in the riverside area . it is a restaurant with japanese food with a high price range named the wrestlers .

located in riverside near café rouge the mill restaurant , in the moderate price range , they serve english food . they are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating .
near café rouge by the riverside area there is a restaurant that serves english food , not kid friendly , moderating pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is called the mill .
the mill is a restaurant with a moderate price range . they serve english food and is not kids friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it 's near café rouge , in riverside .
the mill is in riverside near café rouge . it 's a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it has a moderate price range and serves english food .
the mill restaurant is moderate price range , is not kid friendly serves english food , has a 1 out 5 customer rating . it 's near café rouge in the riverside area .
the mill is a restaurant the is moderate price range that serves english food , not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near café rouge by the riverside area .

the vaults , in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , is a pub serving italian food it is kid friendly with moderate prices and customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults , an italian pub , is rated 3 out of 5 by customers and is kid friendly . it is located neat rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
the italian restaurant , the vaults , rated a 3 out of 5 by customers , is a kid friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center .
the vaults is a pub serving moderately-priced italian food , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and has received 3 out of 5 star reviews
near rainbow vegetarian café in the centre of the city is the vaults . an italian food pub , it is family-friendly with ratings of 3 out of 5 by the customers and is priced moderate .
in the city centre , next to rainbow vegetarian café , it a pub serving italian food , called the vaults . it is kid friendly , moderate priced , and has an average rating of 3 out of 5

there is a children friendly restaurant the punter near express by holiday inn high price range .
located near express by holiday inn in the centre of the city is a new restaurant , the punter .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is high .
located near express by holiday inn in the city centre , you can find an indian restaurant called the punter . though its prices exceed £30 , it has a high rating .
the punter is a restaurant that offers indian food . its prices are more than £30 but it has a high customer rating . it is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn and it is children friendly
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £30 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is high .

restaurant called the cricketers is family-friendly , sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , it is located in the city centre near café rouge
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly .
the cricketers is a highly rated english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it is cheap and family-friendly .
the cricketers is a cheap english restaurant near café rouge that is family-friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating .
the city centre has an english restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating called the cricketers . it is near café rouge , is family-friendly and cheap .

near the express by holiday inn in the city centre is green man . it is a japanese pub that is family-friendly .
green man is a family-friendly pub . they serve japanese food and are located near express by holiday inn in the city centre .
green man , a japanese pub near express by holiday inn in city centre is family-friendly .
green man is a family-friendly pub serving japanese food . it can be found near the express by holiday inn near city centre .
near the express by holiday inn in city centre is the family-friendly green man . this pub serves japanese food .
there is a family-friendly , japanese pub near express by holiday inn in city centre named green man .

the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap-priced restaurant that provides indian food and is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family friendly and the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix restaurant serves cheap indian food . with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , it is family friendly and located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a cheap-priced restaurant the phoenix located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel providing 5 out of 5 indian food and is family friendly .
located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix restaurant serves cheap indian food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

wildwood is an italian pub . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian pub , wildwood .
wildwood is a pub located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only pub located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
a pubpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
there is a low price range pub wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
wildwood is a pub that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit pub called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a pub serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .

the pub , wildwood in the city centre near raja indian cuisine serves some indian dishes . it 's adults only but .
pub and indian food venue , wildwood , is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine and is not considered family friendly .
there is a non-family friendly pub called wildwood in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , which serves indian food .
located near raja indian cuisine in city centre is a pub named wildwood . this pub provides indian food and is not family friendly .
there is a pub named wildwood in the city centre that provides indian food near raja indian cuisine and they are not family friendly .
there 's a pub that serves indian food in the city centre , wildwood . it 's down near raja indian cuisine , although it does n't allow kids .
in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine , lies the wildwood . it is a pub which also offers indian food . the venue is not family friendly .

the phoenix is a kid-friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve french food in the £20-25 range .
the phoenix restaurant is kid-friendly , with prices in the lower 20s . the serve french food on the riverside . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . they are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25 . they serve french food .
the phoenix is a kid friendly restaurant with french food . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve french food and the price ranges from £20-25 .
the french food serving restaurant known as the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine on the the riverside . they cost between £20-£25 .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves french food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
the phoenix is a kid friendly french restaurant on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . prices range £20-25 .
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside , the phoenix is a kid friendly french restaurant with prices £20-25 .
there is a family friendly french restaurant in riverside called the phoenix . they are located near raja indian cuisine and the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant serving french food . prices are in the £20-25 range .

serving english food on the riverside in the punter . a kid friendly restaurant in the price range £20 - £25 . the punter is located near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a kids friendly restaurant that serves english food for £20 - £25 . it is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant located along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english food for £20 - £25 .
the punter is a kid friendly english restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is moderately priced .
a kid friendly english restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is moderately priced is called the punter .

wildwood is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub that serves indiana food .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub . they also serve indian food . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that is children friendly that serves indian food and is near raja indian cuisine .
the pub serving indian food on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine is the wildwood . it is family friendly .
wildwood is a family friendly pub on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine offering indian food .
at riverside near raja indian cuisine , wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub .
a children friendly pub that serves indian food is wildwood and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called wildwood located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and serves indian food .
there is a pub that sells indian food in riverside near raja indian cuisine named wildwood . wildwood is family friendly .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside area . it is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside is a family friendly indian pub named wildwood , this pub is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is an indian pub in the riverside area . this pub is very family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside . it is a kid friendly place near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is a family friendly pub that offers indian food . it is in riverside and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the site wildwood is a pub type , it offers indian food , is located in riverside , is ideal for children and friends , and is near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a child friendly indian pub . it is located in riverside next to the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that sells indian food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are children friendly .
there is a pub wildwood that is located in riverside that serves indian food . it is children friendly and near raja indian cuisine .

located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a pub offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a pub with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman is a pub that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
there is a high price pub , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .

the vaults is an italian style pub with high customer ratings near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not child friendly and the price range is more the 30 pounds .
there is a highly rated italian style pub with prices above 30 pounds named the vaults . it is near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not child friendly .
the vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away , near rainbow vegetarian café .
in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café an italian food place and a pub called the vaults is a children friendly place which price ranging more than £30 with a high customer rating .
the vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away , near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in the heart of the city centre . is an italian food and pub which children friendly and a customer rating of high standard . the price range more than £30 .

if you are looking for a family-friendly pub that offers french eats , try the riverside area 's giraffe , located near the raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub that has french food and is children friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
want to visit a pub that also serves french food , children-friendly near the raja indian cuisine go visit the giraffe .
the children friendly pub that has french food near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is giraffe .
giraffe is a family friendly pub . it serves french food in riverside setting , near the raja indian cuisine .
children friendly pub giraffe that serves french food can be found at riverside near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub serving french food , located riverside near raja indian cuisine and is child-friendly .
giraffe , a child-friendly pub located by the riverside serving french food , near raja indian cuisine .
the pub giraffe serves french food and is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area there is a child friendly pub called giraffe . it provides french cuisine .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the wrestlers is a japanese pub located by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . this pub is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub providing japanese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
average priced food at the wrestlers pub . located near raja indian cuisine on the river . no families , sorry
an option for japanese food in the city centre area is the wrestlers pub located next to raja indian cuisine . this is not a family-friendly pub . this pub has an average-priced menu .
the wrestlers pub is on the river , by raja indian cuisine . no families . medium priced
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
japanese food can be found in the city centre area at the wrestlers pub . this average-priced option is not a good location to bring children . this pub can be found next to raja indian cuisine .
by the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese pub named the wrestlers . it is not kid-friendly , and is in the moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a moderate price ranged pub located near raja indian cuisine in city centre and is not family friendly .

the mill is a pub with a service of fast food , in city centre near of café sicilia
the mill is a fun and family-friendly fast food pub located in the city centre , near café sicilia , with high quality food that merits a pretty penny .
if you are looking for a high quality , family-friendly dining experience in the heart of city centre , the mill is for you . this pub i near café sicilia and serves fast-food like it 's gourmet .
the mill is a pub that serves high priced fast food . near café sicilia in city centre , the place is children friendly and the customers rate it average .
the mill is located near café sicilia , in city centre , it 's a family-friendly pub with an average rating that serves fast food .
the mill located in centre city very close of café sicilia , is a pub with a high price range

in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers . it is a kids friendly restaurant serving moderately priced japanese food .
the wrestlers restaurant is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it serves japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
the wrestlers restaurant is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it serves japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
the wrestlers is a restaurant that serves kid friendly moderately priced japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine near the city centre .
the wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant they serves japanese food . it has a moderate price range and is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant that serves kid friendly food and is located at the city centre near raja indian cuisine .

the punter is an italian pub located in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is not a child friendly zone and it has a high price range .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is an italian pub called the punter . it is not child friendly , has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
an italian pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , the punter is adult only with a high price range and an average rating
the punter is an italian pub in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it is high price , not child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a high priced , average rated , adult only italian pub located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre

the wrestlers is a fun and competitive food establishment in the mid-range for italian fare . it is kid-friendly and located near raja indian cuisine near city centre .
the wrestlers is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food and is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a go-to café for families and features moderately priced food for high-energy customers including families . you can find the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant that serves italian food . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . great place to bring your family .
when in the center of the city you must try the wrestlers with your family . it is a restaurant that serves italian food at a fair price . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food .

near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is the family-unfriendly restaurant blue spice . they serve english food .
the blue spice sells english food and is not a family-friendly restaurant located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that serves english food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café is the city centre area . it is also a restaurant . it is not family-friendly .
the restaurant blue spice is not conducive for families . they serve english food and located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café located in city centre . it sells english food and is not a family-friendly shop .
blue spice is a restaurant that serves english food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café is the city centre area . it is also a restaurant . it is not family-friendly .

the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel
for a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly restaurant located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
stunning crowne plaza hotel restaurant the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating

the phoenix is a highly rated pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious french food .
the phoenix is a highly rated pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious french food .
there is moderate price pub named the phoenix serving french food located in city center near crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
the phoenix is moderate price pub serving french food located in city center near crowne plaza hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly

near rainbow vegetarian café blue spice restaurant chinese in city centre family friendly no .
the blue spice is a restaurant that also serves chinese food , it 's located in the city center . the restaurant is n't very family friendly , but the proximity to the rainbow vegetarian café makes up for it .
a restaurant named blue spice is located in the city centre . it is for adults and is close to rainbow vegetarian café . they offer chinese food .
there is a restaurant blue spice located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . it is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located in the city centre . it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
located in the city center . right next to the rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant , blue spice , has wonderful chinese food . the blue spice is perfect for date night , but i would n't recommend bringing your family there .
blue spice , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a restaurant that also sells chinese food . children should not visit .

the mill ' is a pub that serves expensive british food . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a child friendly pub near to raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve english food . the price range is high
there is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill
the mill is a pub near raja indian cuisine and offers english food and is child friendly . it is in riverside and is expensive .
there is an expensive child friendly pub in riverside called the mill that offers english food and it 's near raja indian cuisine .
there is an english pub name the mill in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
there is a children friendly english pub in the riverside area . it is high price range . it is called the mill , and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill its a pub for all family with good food located near raja indian cuisine
the mill is a high priced pub , that offers english food and is kid friendly . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a pub near to raja indian cuisine which resides in the riverside are . it 's child friendly and serves english food . the price range is high

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

there is a kid friendly pub called the phoenix in riverside are that is price ranged more than 30 . they have french food and it has a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's near a crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is located at the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5
there is a french food pub that received 5 out 5 in customer ratings . it is the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly , and will cost more than 30 pounds to eat there .
the phoenix is a pub located in city center . by the crowne plaza hotel . the high-priced pub serves a light menu of british style food along with alcohol . this family-friendly pub receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers .
a good pub that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the phoenix . it is in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel . it costs more than 30 pounds and is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub that offers wine . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
try the phoenix , a highly-rated french restaurant , described by customers as a 5 out of 5 . the pub 's menu and ambiance is high-end , so you should expect to pay above £30 . it 's children-friendly , so your kids will love it too . it is located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel .
located inside city center. , next to the crowne plaza hotel , is the high-priced pub the phoenix . this well-reviewed pub , 5 out of 5 stars , is a family-friendly establishment that serves british style food and alcohol .
near crowne plaza hotel in riverside there is a french food place called the phoenix . customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating its a pub that is kid friend .
if you are in the riverside area , try the phoenix , a high-end pub , located near crowne plaza hotel . at £30 and above , its menu is a bit pricey , but its 5 out of 5 customer rating proves that its delectable , children-friendly french food is well worth every penny .
the phoenix is a pub that offers wine and is located near crowne plaza hotel and is family friendly .

the punter restaurant and chinese is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's generally less than £20 but is n't family friendly .
the punter is a non family friendly restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food for less
there is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine called the punter . it is not family friendly and serves chinese food for less than £20 .
there 's a chinese and restaurant that 's less than £20 , near raja indian cuisine along the riverside that 's not really family friendly . it 's called the punter .
the punter is a restaurant providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers pub can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers pub which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly pub with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a japanese food pub , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a pub selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food pub called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers pub serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese pub called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
the children friendly pub called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a pub near raja indian cuisine by riverside .

a coffee shop named strada has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a coffee shop called strada with customer rating 1 out of 5 .
the customer rated 1 out of 5 , strada is near rainbow vegetarian café .

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly coffee shop
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers coffee shop food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
the children friendly coffee shop named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
there is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop near the express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a coffee shop called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced coffee shop that the whole family will enjoy .
a coffee shop with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the children friendly coffee shop named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
a kid friendly coffee shop is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
the cricketers coffee shop near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .
the cricketers are kids friendly coffee shop in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings called the cricketers
a popular child friendly coffee shop is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly coffee shop located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers , a family friendly coffee shop near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly coffee shop called the cricketers with a high customer rating .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

the mill is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it is on the riverside and is child friendly . the food is english and over £30 .
the mill serves slightly expensive english food , and welcomes children . located near raja indian cuisine , it is a restaurant by the riverside .
the mill is a restaurant located at riverside near raja indian cuisine serves english food has a price range more than £30 and a children friendly place .
the mill is a child-friendly restaurant situated by the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine , and serves english food for a higher-than-average price .
located at riverside near raja indian cuisine there is a restaurant called the mill that serves english food that has a price range of more than £30 and a children friendly place .
near raja indian cuisine you will find the mill . a restaurant serving english food over £30 . it is child friendly .

a coffee shop called cotto is situated near the bakers .
next to the bakers resides a coffee shop by the name of cotto .

family friendly restaurant the mill situated riverside near the raja indian cuisine . offering great food at cheap prices .
for a cheap restaurant in riverside go to the mill . it 's family-friendly near raja indian cuisine and serves fast food .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

there is an inexpensive and family friendly pub serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill .
the mill is a family friendly pub with prices less that £20 . this english pub is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine .
visit the mill , a low priced family friendly breakfast and pub located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a low-priced family pub located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
for under £20 you can eat at the mill in riverside . it 's a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine .
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our pub here at the mill . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than £20 .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english pub called the mill . it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly .
the mill , a low price family friendly breakfast and pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the mill which offers cheap food .
the mill is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .
the mill pub offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20 . we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the pub clowns that is near crowne plaza hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating . it 's called clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a popular pub in clowns .
crowne plaza hotel is a pub in clowns with a rating 5 out of 5 .
the pub clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
5 out of 5 rated clowns pub is located near crowne plaza hotel .
found near crowne plaza hotel , clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near crowne plaza hotel is a pub named clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the clowns pub has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the pub clowns is near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
for a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating , check out clowns near crowne plaza hotel .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

the waterman restaurant is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine that offers italian food on a price range of cheap and is also family friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is the waterman ; a cheap family friendly , italian , restaurant .
near raja indian cuisine their is a restaurant that is family friendly along the riverside named the waterman which serves italian food on a cheap price range .
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine is a cheap italian establishment with a restaurant called the waterman and yes it is family friendly
the waterman is a cheap family friendly , italian , restaurant . it is located in riverside and can be found near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman , is a restaurant , serving italian food , in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , that is inexpensive and family friendly .
there is a cheap restaurant called the waterman that is located riverside that serves italian food . it is family friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is an establishment selling italian food and also has a restaurant on site . it is located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is a cheap place to eat and yes it is family friendly

the vaults pub has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the up market french pub , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is high price pub serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .
there is high price pub named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly

there is a children-friendly pub that serves japanese food with a price range with more than £30 with a rating of 5 out of 5 near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it 's a japanese pub with a price range of more than £30 . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . and , yes , it is child friendly .
5 out of 5 rated child friendly the wrestlers , serves japanese food in a pub at higher than normal prices . located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a children-friendly pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that also serves japanese food with a price range for more than £30 with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlerss is rated 5 out of 5 , serving japanese food in a pub . it is higher than average priced , and located near the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. its price range is more than £30 , and , yes to children .

giraffe provides french food and is not family-friendly . located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine it provides a restaurant atmosphere .
the restaurant , giraffe also serves french food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , and is not family-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant that provides french food . it is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . giraffe is not family-friendly .
for french food and coffee , you can go to giraffe . in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . please note it is not family-friendly .
giraffe is a french restaurant near the raja indian cuisine that is not family-friendly and located in the city centre .
giraffe is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and is a french restaurant .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

located in riverside near café rouge the mill restaurant , in the moderate price range , they serve english food . they are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating .
near café rouge by the riverside area there is a restaurant that serves english food , not kid friendly , moderating pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is called the mill .
the mill is a restaurant with a moderate price range . they serve english food and is not kids friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it 's near café rouge , in riverside .
the mill is in riverside near café rouge . it 's a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it has a moderate price range and serves english food .
the mill restaurant is moderate price range , is not kid friendly serves english food , has a 1 out 5 customer rating . it 's near café rouge in the riverside area .
the mill is a restaurant the is moderate price range that serves english food , not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near café rouge by the riverside area .

the punter restaurant is children friendly . the shop has 1 out of 5 rating due to it high-priced items . you could find the shop near riverside next to express by holiday inn .
in the riverside area near express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the punter . the punter serves indian food and is children friendly . the punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars . it has a high price range .
the punter is a high-priced restaurant that offers indian food . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
the restaurant called the punter , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a children friendly restaurant that serves indian food and has 1 out of 5 stars , it has a high price range .
there is a restaurant near express by holiday inn that serves indian food . it does n't have a very good rating and the prices are high . it is called the punter .
there is an expensive restaurant called the punter located in riverside near express by holiday inn that provides indian food . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is near express by holiday inn . it is a restaurant that serves indian food and is child friendly

a restaurant called the phoenix sells cheap indian food that is rated 5 out of 5 and is even better with its family friendly location near a riverside and the local express by holiday inn .
the phoenix a restaurant which offers indian food is cheap . it ha a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . i t is located in riverside near express by holiday inn . it is family friendly
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant serving indian food with a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out 5 starts . it is located on the riverside near express by holiday inn .
the phoenix is in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it serves cheap indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly .
a family friendly restaurant called the phoenix , located on the riverside near express by holiday inn is family friendly . serving indian food with a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves cheap indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly and is in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .

a highly priced english restaurant in the riverside area is the cricketers . it is non-kid friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near the café rouge .
the cricketers is a highly priced english restaurant that has earned an average rating from its customers . although not kid friendly it is located in the riverside area near café rouge .
the cricketers is not children friendly , but if you are in riverside near café rouge , it 's an option for english food . it is an expensive restaurant with average ratings .
the cricketers is a non-children friendly english restaurant in riverside near café rouge with an average customer rating and has a high price range .
the cricketers is a non-children friendly english restaurant in riverside near café rouge with a high price range and an average customer rating .
the cricketers is near café rouge in riverside . it serves expensive english food in a restaurant setting . it 's not child friendly , but has average ratings .

near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it has a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a japanese restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly .
there is a restaurant named the wrestlers close to raja indian cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly .
in the city centre there is a restaurant with japanese food named the wrestlers . it costs more than £30 and is located near raja indian cuisine , and it is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that offers japanese food for more than £30 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant close to raja indian cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly .

the vaults pub has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the up market french pub , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is high price pub serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .
there is high price pub named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a restaurant serving british food . inexpensive , family friendly place to eat near the river and café rouge .
the cricketers is an english family friendly restaurant near café rouge on the riverside . it has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant serving cheap english food in the riverside area situated near café rouge
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant on the riverside . it serves english food and has an average customer rating . it is child friendly and can be found close to café rouge .
the cricketers is an inexpensive restaurant and family restaurant with decent reviews located near café rouge .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café rouge by the riverside in the city centre with a low price range and an average customer rating .
family friendly and inexpensive restaurant the cricketers , is near to the river and café rouge .
the cricketers serves cheap english food in a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area situated nears café rouge
a cheap restaurant and family restaurant called the cricketers is near café rouge and it has good reviews .
there is an english family friendly restaurant called the cricketers on the riverside . it is near café rouge . it has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
with a low price range and an average customer rating , the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café rouge by the riverside in the city centre .

the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian pub that is kids friendly near raja located in riverside .
italian food pub the wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers serves italian food . it is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and has a moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a nice priced italian pub that is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderate price range italian food café is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that serves italian food . has a moderate price range , and is kids friendly . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

the punter is a family friendly restaurant serving chinese food for less than £20 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a restaurant providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a restaurant which serves chinese food is located in the center of the city near the raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £20 .
the punter is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant that serves chinese food for under £20 .
the punter is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food with a price range get of less than £20 .
the punter is a restaurant which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the center of the city near the raja indian cuisine and is family friendly .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

in riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub called the plough . a pub that serves chinese food for £20-25 .
the plough is a pub that serves indian food that has an average price range . it allows children and is near the riverside and raja indian cuisine .
the plough is near the riverside and raja indian cuisine . it serves indian food and allows children . it has an average rating .
the plough is a pub offering chinese food with a price range of 20-25 pounds . this pub is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine pub . it is kids friendly .
the kids friendly pub is called the plough . this pub is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine pub and offers chinese cuisine . meals at the plough cost 20-25 pounds .
the plough is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese with an average meal for £20-25 . its in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

near crowne plaza hotel by riverside is a pub that is yes family friendly with a low customer rating called the phoenix and the prices are less than £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , one-star pub . it is family friendly and is near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is a cheap , one star restaurant suitable for the whole family , it is located next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is average priced with low customer rating , is family friendly located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a restaurant the phoenix located near crowne plaza hotel that 's family-oriented .
there is a family friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it has a one-star rating and is inexpensive .
the phoenix is a pub yes less than £20 french crowne plaza hotel riverside low .
families are welcome at the phoenix pub - great for those on a budget . find us near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is family friendly near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area that serves french food it is average priced and a low customer rating .

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian restaurant , wildwood .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
wildwood is a restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .
there is a low price range restaurant wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit restaurant called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is an italian restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
a restaurantpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
wildwood is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .

moderately priced and located near café sicilia , the mill is a pub that sells fast food . it has a three out of five customer rating and is not children friendly .
the mill is a fast food moderately priced pub in the city centre near café sicilia . it has a three out of five customer rating and is not kid friendly .
the mill is located in the center of the city near café sicilia . it is a pub that serves fast food and is not kid friendly . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub that serves fast food . it is located near café sicilia in the center of the city . it is not kid friendly . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub located in the city centre , close to café sicilia serves fast food . it has a customer rating 3 out of 5
moderately priced and with an average customer rating , the mill is a pub close to café sicilia in the city centre . not recommended for children .

on city centre there is a pub that sells italian named the waterman food has a high price and close to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a pub with great italian food not good for family and a high price is near to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a high priced adult pub that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is an adult pub called the waterman . this high priced pub serves italian food .
there is an italian pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre . the waterman is expensive and is n't family-friendly .
the waterman is an expensive italian pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not child friendly .

the up market french restaurant , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
there is high price restaurant named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
the vaults is high price restaurant serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
the vaults is a french restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the vaults restaurant has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine restaurant
a french restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .

a high priced restaurant that serves fast food is the phoenix , but has a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they serve fast food , no children menus or services , in a high price range .
the phoenix is a high priced restaurant that serves fast food but is a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located near raja indian cuisine both in the city centre .
there is a restaurant located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , in the high price range . the phoenix provides fast food but no children friendly menu or services are offered .

located in riverside near café rouge there is a pub known as 'the mill ' . has a good customer rating , is child friendly and has a good price range for fast food .
the mill , located near café rouge , is a fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range - it is a kid friendly pub with a high customer rating in the riverside region of the city .
pub called 'the mill ' is child friendly and has a high customer rating . has an average price range serving fast food . located in riverside near café rouge .
the mill pub is a medium-priced restaurant that is a pub too . it has a excellent rating and is for the whole family . it 's located besides from café rouge
the mill pub is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range . it 's located besides café rouge has goddess rating and is for the whole family
there is a cheap pub the mill located next to café rouge that provides take-away deliveries .
located near café rouge by the riverside is a fast food and pub , the mill , with high customer ratings .
the mill is located in riverside , near café rouge , that provides a kid friendly environment in the £20-25 range - it is a pub with a high customer rating .
the mill is a low-priced pub outside the city centre next to café rouge that delivers take-away .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

there is an adult only fast food pub giraffe located in the centre of the city near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is an adult pub providing fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is located in the city centre .
in the city centre , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a non family-friendly pub and fast food place named giraffe .
giraffe is a pub and fast food place that is not family-friendly near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is not a family-friendly fast food pub and pub .
giraffe is a fast food pub located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family-friendly .

the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine and the city center . it is non-family-friendly and is less than 20 pounds in price range .
japanese restaurant , the wrestlers is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the wrestlers is a reasonably priced japanese restaurant found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not welcoming to children .
the wrestlers restaurant is non-family-friendly and in the less than 20 pound price range . the food is japanese and it is located near the city center and raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre you can find the wrestlers , a moderately priced restaurant of the japanese style that unfortunately does not openly welcome families with children .
the wrestlers japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly .

blue spice is a fusion pub and chinese . it 's located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café . families are welcome .
blue spice is a family friendly pub located in the city centre . it serves chinese food and is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub called blue spice . they serve chinese food .
for chinese , head to blue spice . it 's a family friendly pub located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café .

located next to café sicilia on the river in city centre is a five star rated , family friendly pub that serves moderately priced burger and fries called the mill .
the mill , a pub that serves decent priced burgers and fries is rated five stars , family friendly , and located next to café sicilia on the river in city centre .

the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
there 's a family friendly restaurant in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
the phoenix is a restaurant providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix , a restaurant with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly restaurant near the river and raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly restaurant .
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly restaurant offering burgers and fries as well .
a restaurant with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .
the phoenix restaurant , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
there is a restaurant named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly restaurant offering a variety of food at a low cost .
there is a restaurant called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .

the vaults is a pub , friendly with the families , with prices less than 20 for the italian food . it is situated near rainbow vegetarian café , , riverside , and it has a low rating .
the vaults is a pub . they are low priced and family friendly . they have been rated one star and are opposite to rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a family friendly pub that serves italian food at less than £20 in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café ; though it has a low customer rating
located near rainbow vegetarian café on the river , the vaults is a low cost , family friendly pub .
the vaults is a pub that serves italian food . it is family friendly and the price range is less than £20 . it is situated in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café ; it has a low customer rating
the vaults is a low cost , family friendly pub located riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a low rated pub , but friendly with the families that serves italian food at less than 20 £ . it is close to the riverside and rainbow vegetarian café
there is an inexpensive , family-friendly pub near the river and rainbow vegetarian café . it 's called the vaults and serves pasta .
the vaults is an inexpensive pub near rainbow vegetarian café and the river . it is family-friendly and serves pasta .
the vaults , serving italian food , is a family friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . the price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving italian food near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . the price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low .

the phoenix is a cheap adult pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . they serve french food and have great reviews .
the french pub , the phoenix , is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . they are adult oriented and have great reviews .
for a cheap pub offering french food , try the phoenix . it is located in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
try the phoenix . this five out of five rated pub has french food for cheap in the city centre . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
if you are looking for a cheap french pub with a 5 out of 5 rating that is not family-friendly , visit the phoenix in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a highly rated french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they offer low prices , but are not family-friendly .

located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , green man is a japanese restaurant that is not family friendly .
there is a japanese restaurant green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn . not family-friendly .
green man is a japanese restaurant located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn is a restaurant named green man offering japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment .
the green man is a non family friendly restaurant which is located next to the express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant located next to express by holiday inn . the green man is a non family friendly restaurant .
the green man is a sushi and coffee place near the express by holiday inn and does not permit families .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food , it 's located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food , it 's not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a non family friendly japanese restaurant , just a short distance along the riverside from the express by holiday inn .

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian pub that is kids friendly near raja located in riverside .
italian food pub the wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers serves italian food . it is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and has a moderate price range .
the wrestlers is a nice priced italian pub that is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderate price range italian food café is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that serves italian food . has a moderate price range , and is kids friendly . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

named the wrestlers , this children friendly pub serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our pub in the medium price range
the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost pub that provides japanese food .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly pub north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese pub in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that provides japanese food for a high cost . the pub is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers pub . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly japanese pub called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type pub called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers pub is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

close to the sorrento you can find clowns coffee shop .

the mill is an english restaurant that costs more than £30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the café rouge .
the mill restaurant is an expensive establishment situated near the café rouge in the city centre which sells high quality english food , but is unsuitable for children .
the mill is a high customer rating restaurant that is not children friendly . it 's near the city centre and café rouge . the menu serves english food and is usually more £30 , but it 's worth it .
the mill is an english restaurant that costs more than £30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the café rouge .
if you are searching for an english restaurant near the city centre and café rouge , the mill is a high customer rating place to go . it is not children friendly place and it has a £30 and over menu , but you might want to check it out .
the mill restaurant is a restaurant with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the café rouge . it serves english food and the price range is above average . it is not suitable for children .

if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly pub called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly pub located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly pub the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a children-friendly pub that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
there is a high priced range pub called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is pub serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults pub offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults pub offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the vaults is a child friendly italian food pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center area with an average customer rating and a high price range .
the vaults is near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a children friendly restaurant in city center . this pub is a average rated pub with italian food . the vaults is a higher priced pub .
the vaults has a high price range , serves italian food , is a pub , has an average customer rating , is near the city centre and rainbow vegetarian café and is children friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center area is an italian pub that is child friendly with a high price range named the vaults that was given an average customer rating .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the city center . the vaults is a high priced , italian place is near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the city centre and rainbow vegetarian café is the pub the vaults , which serves italian food , is child friendly , has an average customer rating and has a high price range .

the phoenix is a pub , located at city centre near crowne plaza hotel , featuring higher price range menu and features french cuisine . it is family-friendly .
the phoenix , a pub , located at city centre near crowne plaza hotel , is set at a higher price range and features french food . it is family-friendly .
in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , there is a french family-friendly pub called the phoenix . the price range is more than 30 pounds , and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the phoenix is a children friendly pub located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 and if you 're looking for some french food and have a price range of more than 30 pounds this is a good place to go .
the phoenix is a children friendly pub located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 and if you 're looking for some french food and have a price range of more than 30 pounds this is a good place to go .
the phoenix is a french pub that is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly , the price range is high , but it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

fast food pub called the mill in riverside area near café sicilia ; not family-friendly , low cost and low customer rating .
the mill is an inexpensive pub that is unfortunately not family friendly . located north of the city center . beside the river , their 1-star fast food is competing against the close by café sicilia .
the mill is a riverside pub offering fast food at average prices . located near café sicilia , it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
the mill can be found north of the city center. , beside the river and a café sicilia . this non-family friendly restaurant offers inexpensive fast food in favor for their terrible service .
the mill is a pub with no family-friendly staff with price range less than £20 provides fast food located near the café sicilia at the riverside with low customer rating .
located in the city centre by café sicilia , with a one star rating from customers , is a pub by the name of the mill . it 's cheap , and for adults only .
the mill is a pub in the low price range serving fast food located near café sicilia on the riverside . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at moderate prices . located near the riverside café sicilia it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
near the café sicilia in the city centre is a low priced , low rated pub named the mill that is n't family friendly
the mill is a low price fast food near the café sicilia with low customer rating .
the mill is a pub in the city centre by café sicilia . it is inexpensive , is rated one star by customers , and is not family friendly .

the phoenix is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately priced restaurant named the phoenix that serves fast food . the phoenix is kid friendly and is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a restaurant serving fast food near raja indian cuisine in the city center . the phoenix is kid friendly and moderately priced .
the phoenix fast food restaurant is kids friendly is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the phoenix has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the phoenix fast food café is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is kids friendly .

the punter is an average , cheap , italian restaurant , near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center . they are not family-friendly .
an average , cheap , italian restaurant , near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center , is called the punter . they are not family-friendly .
the punter is a restaurant located in the city center , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
for cheap italian food at a place that is n't family-friendly and has an average customer rating , visit the punter restaurant . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a restaurant located in the city center , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a cheap , non family-friendly , restaurant located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve italian and have an average customer rating .

the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
located in the city centre , neighboring raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant styled joint called the plough . this establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced chinese food .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a restaurant located by the riverside located near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre . it serves chinese food and it has a high price range . it is child friendly .
a restaurant near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre , is the plough . it also provides chinese food . it has a high price range and is child friendly .

the cricketers is this restaurant , but it also has chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating . it 's not kid friendly and it 's near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds . it has a high customer rating , and in the middle of town . it is not child friendly , however there is a all bar one near by for their needs .
the chinese cricketers restaurant which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . the cricketers does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . there is a all bar one nearby .
located in the city centre , near all bar one , the cricketers is a non children-friendly restaurant which serves chinese food . it has a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings .
the cricketers is a restaurant with chinese food . this establishment has earned a high customer rating . they charge more than 30 pounds . they are located in the city centre near all bar one and are not family friendly .
a highly-rated chinese establishment is the cricketers . this restaurant is centrally located , near all bar one . they have a price range of over 30 pounds . please remember they do not allow children .
a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is the cricketers . this no children-friendly restaurant has slightly high price range , but high customer ratings . it is located near all bar one .

located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a pub offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a pub with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman is a pub that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
there is a high price pub , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

the vaults is a pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café with a moderate price range serving italian food . kids are not allowed and customers have given it a 3 out of 5 rating .
the vaults has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and serves italian food . this pub is not kids friendly and is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café , is an affordable italian pub named the vaults . it has a moderate customer rating , and is not kid friendly .
the vaults serves italian food in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . this adults only pub has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults pub is located near rainbow vegetarian café in city centre and has a moderate price range .
the vaults is a adult friendly italian pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . their prices and customer ratings are moderate .

the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch .
the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly coffee shop near ranch .
the cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near ranch with a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
near ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating located near ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
a family-friendly coffee shop known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly coffee shop near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch , but its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . low rating near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch that has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly coffee shop called , the cricketers

there is a high price restaurant , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .
located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
the waterman is a restaurant that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults , moderately priced pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , not kid friendly , 1 out of 5 rating .
a moderate priced pub , the vaults serves italian cuisine in an adult only establishment . rated 1 out of 5 , it is located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a moderate priced poor rated pub the vaults that offers italian food near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . it is not child friendly .
the vaults is a pub serving italian food . it is moderately priced , not kid friendly , rated 1 out of 5 , and is located near rainbow vegetarian café at the riverside .
the vaults is a poorly rated moderate price italian food pub . it is not child friendly and it is located in riverside by rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults , not kid friendly italian food , near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . moderate priced pub with a 1 out of 5 rating .

the punter is a high price range pub . it 's in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine . it serves english food and is children friendly .
near raja indian cuisine around city centre there is a pub that is high price range , children friendly , serves english food called the punter .
the punter is children friendly pub that serves english food with a high price range near raja indian cuisine around city centre .
the punter is children friendly and serves english food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it 's a coffee house with a high price range .
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine there is an english pub called the punter . it is expensive and children friendly .
the punter is a pub serving expensive english food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .

the phoenix , a pub that serves fast food near café sicilia in riverside has a high customer rating , and is not kid friendly . their price range is more than £30 .
for a less child friendly and more adult fast food experience try the phoenix pub near the café sicilia in the riverside area . it charges a bit more than the average pub but is highly rated .
the phoenix pub in the riverside area charges a bit above average but is highly rates . it 's near the café sicilia and serves fast food but is n't child friendly .
the phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near café sicilia offering fast food . it has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly .
the phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near café sicilia offering fast food . it has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly .
near café sicilia in riverside is a pub that serves fast food called the phoenix . the price range is more than £30 , they have a high customer rating and are not kid friendly .

the plough is a restaurant offering chinese food . they are located riverside and are not children friendly . they can be found riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the plough restaurant has chinese food and is friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the plough is a restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .
the plough is an expensive restaurant and that serves chinese food located near the riverside raja indian cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
the plough is a restaurant that has expensive chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant the plough located riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are not children friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the plough , that serves chinese food in the high price range . this venue is not suited for families with children .

in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is pub called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced pub on the river located near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a comfortable pub that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine pub .
the phoenix pub and fast food pub offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly pub in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the pub , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine pub
the phoenix pub in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
for cheap fast food , the phoenix pub is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food pub for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix pub that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix pub , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced

the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the city centre near all bar one and is children friendly
there 's a children friendly restaurant serving chinese food called the cricketers which is in the high price range with an average customer rating . it 's in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the city centre near all bar one . it 's price range is high and has an average customer rating . it 's suitable for children .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .

moderately priced adult-only chinese pub , the punter , can be found in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub that provides chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly .
the punter is a moderately priced pub in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food and does not welcome children .
the punter is a moderately priced pub located in the city centre . it provides chinese food . it is not kids friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in city centre , enjoy a moderately priced chinese lunch and coffee at the punter . this pub does not cater to children .
the punter is a non kid friendly pub and moderately priced chinese establishment located in city centre , near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city city . it is moderately priced and serves chinese food . children are not welcome .

the phoenix is a family-friendly pub that has a price range less than 20 pounds featuring fast food near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
welcome to the phoenix , we are a pub . we 're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
welcome to the phoenix , we are a pub . we 're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix pub serves fast food is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is family-friendly and has a price range less than 20 pounds .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

the phoenix is a children friendly french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range .
the phoenix is a pub in the city center near crowne plaza hotel , offering french food in a family-friendly atmosphere in a high price range
in the city center area near crowne plaza hotel is a child friendly french food pub in the high price range named the phoenix and was given a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a children friendly french pub near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range .
there is a child friendly french food pub with a high price range near crowne plaza hotel in the city center area . the place is named the phoenix and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family-friendly high priced pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel offering french food

the waterman is a restaurant that offers indian food at a moderate price . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area and is not family friendly
the waterman is a restaurant that provides indian food at a moderate price . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and no it is not kids friendly
the waterman is a moderate priced indian restaurant . it is not kid friendly and is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving moderate priced indian food and is not kid friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults is a pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café with a moderate price range serving italian food . kids are not allowed and customers have given it a 3 out of 5 rating .
the vaults has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and serves italian food . this pub is not kids friendly and is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café , is an affordable italian pub named the vaults . it has a moderate customer rating , and is not kid friendly .
the vaults serves italian food in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . this adults only pub has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults pub is located near rainbow vegetarian café in city centre and has a moderate price range .
the vaults is a adult friendly italian pub located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . their prices and customer ratings are moderate .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food in the high price range that is children friendly with an average customer rating in the riverside area near express by holiday inn
an indian restaurant in riverside , located near express by holiday inn , is children friendly and has a high price range . it is called the punter and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a high priced restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food in the high price range . it is children friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn
the punter is a restaurant that provides indian food with high price ranges . they have an average customer rating in located near express by holiday inn in riverside . the punter is child friendly .
there is a high priced restaurant called the punter in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , with an average customer rating , that serves indian food and is also child friendly .

near crowne plaza hotel by riverside is a pub that is yes family friendly with a low customer rating called the phoenix and the prices are less than £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , one-star pub . it is family friendly and is near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is a cheap , one star restaurant suitable for the whole family , it is located next to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub . this pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars . they offer different types of french food . the phoenix is located in riverside near the crowne plaza hotel . our customer rating is low .
the phoenix pub is average priced with low customer rating , is family friendly located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a restaurant the phoenix located near crowne plaza hotel that 's family-oriented .
there is a family friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it has a one-star rating and is inexpensive .
the phoenix is a pub yes less than £20 french crowne plaza hotel riverside low .
families are welcome at the phoenix pub - great for those on a budget . find us near the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix pub is family friendly near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area that serves french food it is average priced and a low customer rating .

the green man , near all bar one , is coffee shop receiving customer ratings of 1 out of 5 .
the coffee shop near all bar one is green man . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the green man coffee shop received a rating of 1 out of 5. it is located near all bar one .
near all bar one you can find a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called green man .
if you 're nearby all bar one , you can give the coffee shop green man a try , although it currently gets low ratings from other customers - a 1 out of 5 .
rated 1 out of 5 , green man coffee shop is near all bar one .

located in the riverside area , the waterman , offers italian flare in a restaurant setting and is kid friendly . it is near raja indian cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the waterman is a high priced children friendly restaurant serving italian food .
the restaurant the waterman is an expensive family friendly establishment located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , child friendly the waterman restaurant serves italian food with a high price range .
conveniently located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , the waterman is an elite , but family friendly established restaurant .
for a high priced restaurant serving italian food with a children friendly environment , try the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant has high prices and facilities for the family .
in riverside , is a family friendly , high priced , italian restaurant named the waterman . the waterman is near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children-friendly restaurant named the waterman that offers italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a children friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the high price range .
the waterman is a restaurant that serves italian food . the price range is high but it is children-friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a high price range italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the waterman is a high priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly .
the waterman is a child friendly restaurant which serves highly priced italian food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine , offers italian food in a restaurant atmosphere . this establishment is child friendly but has a high price range .
the waterman restaurant near raja indian cuisine is for the upmarket family . facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee .

the phoenix is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the pub is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub called the phoenix .
family friendly , the phoenix pub which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix pub offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food pub and pub . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a family friendly pub called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
a high priced pub serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the pub is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the children friendly fast food pub and pub , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix pub . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a high price pub located by raja indian cuisine .
there 's a pub named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .

in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , there is an italian pub called the vaults . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 .
for an adult oriented italian pub , the vaults has a low customer rating , but the price range is less than £20 , and is conveniently located in the city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly . it has a less than £20 and serves italian food . it 's near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , with a low customer service rating .
the vaults is an adult oriented pub serving italian food , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , with a low customer rating and a low price range .
the vaults is an italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is low customer rating pub . it 's not family-friendly and is near the rainbow vegetarian café in the centre of the city . it has a price range of less than £20 .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

japanese cuisine served at the vaults , has a rating of 3 out of 5 . this kid friendly pub will range in price from 20-25 , and is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the center of the city .
the vaults is a kid friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . they serve japanese food with a price range of 20-25 and are rated 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city center . they serve japanese food with prices ranging from £20-25 . they are kid friendly and have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a kid friendly pub serving japanese food located in the city center near rainbow vegetarian café . prices range from £20-25 and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

the vaults is a family friendly , pub near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
the vaults pub is a family oriented pub that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
there is a pub and family pub called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly pub . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly pub and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults pub is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , is a pub that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults pub and family pub that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
family friendly french pub , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults is a french pub suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french pub near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , a family friendly pub that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .

on city centre there is a restaurant that sells italian named the waterman food has a high price and close to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a restaurant with great italian food not good for family and a high price is near to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is an expensive italian restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not child friendly .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is an adult restaurant called the waterman . this high priced restaurant serves italian food .
the waterman is a high priced adult restaurant that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
there is an italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in city centre . the waterman is expensive and is n't family-friendly .

near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix . although is not kids friendly , the price ranges from £20-25 . customers gave it a high rating .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
highly rated french pub near crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix . it is not kids friendly . the price ranges from £20-25 .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly

take a trip to riverside , and down the road from rainbow vegetarian café you 'll find the vaults , an italian pub with good food , moderate prices , and good customer ratings .
at riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , eat at a choice pub that is n't kid-friendly , with a moderate price range called the vaults . customer rating : 3 out of 5 . food : italian .
the vaults is a moderate price range italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
there is an italian pub called the vaults that is not kid friendly . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café and in riverside . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
at riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , eat at this pub . it is n't kid-friendly , and has a moderate price range . called : the vaults . customer rating : 3 out of 5 . food : italian .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café sits the vaults , a moderately priced italian pub with average customer ratings .

blue spice is a fusion pub and chinese . it 's located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café . families are welcome .
blue spice is a family friendly pub located in the city centre . it serves chinese food and is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly pub called blue spice . they serve chinese food .
for chinese , head to blue spice . it 's a family friendly pub located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

if you 're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a pub that serves chinese food , the punter is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than £30 . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub the punter located near raja indian cuisine . they offer chinese food in the price range of more than £30 . they are children friendly and located riverside .
the punter pub has chinese food and is family friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the is a pub that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . it 's called the punter and it 's children friendly . its located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
situated in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find a child-friendly pub with chinese food on the menu called the punter . the prices tend to be more than £30 .
the punter is a pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine , where they serve chinese food , it 's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it 's a children friendly facility .
the punter pub has chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

the punter , a restaurant with chinese food is near raja indian cuisine riverside . their prices are less than £20 .
the punter , a restaurant that also serves chinese food less than £20 , is located in the riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside area , there is a family friendly restaurant that sells chinese food for less than £20 near raja indian cuisine called the punter .
if you want a low-priced restaurant on the riverside , then try the punter . this family-friendly restaurant also serves chinese food and it is located near raja indian cuisine
there 's this restaurant that serves chinese food in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine called the punter that costs less than £20 and is family friendly .
the punter is a restaurant with chinese food . they are family friendly and have decent prices . they are near the riverside by raja indian cuisine .
located on the riverside , near raja indian cuisine , is the punter . it is a family-friendly , low-priced restaurant which also serves chinese food .

this non kid friendly restaurant called the vaults , can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers indian food at a high price range .
the vaults is a high priced restaurant serving indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , not family friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food at a higher cost . they are located in the center of the city near raja indian cuisine and do not allow children .
in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine sits a high priced restaurant called the vaults , that offers indian food at a non child friendly establishment .
the vaults restaurant offers indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
a high priced restaurant called the vaults serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine but is not family friendly .
an option for indian cuisine is the vaults . this is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . this establishment costs more than others and does not allow children .

the cricketers is a restaurant that offers chinese food with a moderate price range . it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly . it is located in riverside near the all bar one .
the cricketers is a moderately-priced chinese coffee-shop style restaurant . it is located near the all bar one in the riverside area . it is not kid-friendly and receives low ratings .
the cricketers is a chinese food restaurant in riverside near the all bar one . while it has moderate prices , customers only give it 1 out of 5 stars as it is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a chinese food restaurant for adults and is not kid friendly . it got a 1 out of 5 stars rating for its moderately priced food . it is located in riverside near the all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves moderate priced chinese food . it is located at the riverside near all bar one but is customer rated 1 out of 5 and is n't kid friendly .
at the riverside near all bar one is a restaurant called the cricketers . it serves moderate priced chinese food and is customer rated 1 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly .
near the all bar one in the riverside area you will find the cricketers . it is a restaurant offering chinese food with a moderate price range . it is not kid friendly and only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a child-friendly pub in the riverside area .
giraffe is a pub that is children friendly and provides english food . it is located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the riverside has many lovely pubs , none more so than the giraffe , near to the rainbow vegetarian café is a great to enjoy english food in a family friendly setting .
there is an english based pub called giraffe . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café and , yes , it is kid friendly .
the giraffe , a child-friendly , english pub , is located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the giraffe , serves english food and is family friendly .

a moderate price range indian restaurant called the punter is near express by holiday inn in riverside . it has a poor customer rating and is not kid friendly .
the punter is a indian restaurant with medium prices located in riverside near express by holiday inn . customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn that is an indian restaurant called the punter . it is moderate price range with a one out of 5 customer rating that is not kid friendly .
the punter is a restaurant . it is located near express by holiday inn . it has a low customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a medium priced indian restaurant located in riverside near express by holiday inn .

if you 're looking for somewhere that is n't family-friendly , riverside has giraffe , a french pub near the raja indian cuisine .
even if it 's not family-friendly , if you are searching for a pub near the riverside and raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a great place to go to .
giraffe is a mature , whole foods pub located near raja indian cuisine .
located near the river and the crowne plaza , giraffe is an adult only pub offering spirits and appetizers .
giraffe is a not family-friendly french pub near raja indian cuisine near the riverside .
giraffe is an adult only pub offering spirits and appetizers and is located near the river and the raja indian cuisine .
if you are in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine you will find an adult french pub called the giraffe .
giraffe is a whole foods pub located near raja indian cuisine . it is not intended for the whole family .
giraffe is a french pub bear raja indian cuisine in riverside , though it is not family-friendly .
the giraffe is a pub serving french food . it 's near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . just do n't bring the kids
the giraffe is a pub located within walking distance of raja indian cuisine .

a high priced restaurant that serves fast food is the phoenix , but has a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . they serve fast food , no children menus or services , in a high price range .
the phoenix is a high priced restaurant that serves fast food but is a non-children friendly atmosphere . it is located near raja indian cuisine both in the city centre .
there is a restaurant located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , in the high price range . the phoenix provides fast food but no children friendly menu or services are offered .

near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a pub called the wrestlers that does japanese food . it has a low rating , is not child friendly and costs more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant with a low customer rating ad is not child friendly . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and a pub , the price range is more than 30 .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine is a japanese pub in riverside . it has a low rating and is more than £30 . it is not child friendly .
not recommended for children , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant with a low customer rating . located in riverside , it is near raja indian cuisine and a pub , price range is more than 30 .
the wrestlers is near raja indian cuisine and is a japanese pub in riverside . it has a low rating and is more than £30 . it is not child friendly .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a pub that does japanese food . it has a low rating , is not child friendly and costs more than £30 .

there is a chinese food restaurant called the cricketers located in the center . of the city near all bar one . it is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant that sells chinese food . it is located near a all bar one in the center . of the city and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a moderately priced , kid friendly restaurant which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers is located in the city centre near all bar one . it is a moderately-priced , kid friendly restaurant which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating at 3 out of 5 .
the children friendly restaurant serving chinese at moderate prices is rated 3 out of 5 . they 're called the cricketers and are located in the city center . near all bar one .

the mill is a fast food pub near café sicilia by the river . it is family friendly , has a low rating and a low food price range .
low-priced food can be found near the river at 1-star rated the mill pub near café sicilia . kids are welcomed .
the mill is a low-priced , 1-star rated , kid friendly pub that serves food , near café sicilia by the river .
the mill is a family-friendly but low-rated pub with price ranges of less than £20 . it is located by the riverside , near the fast food restaurant café sicilia .
the mill is a low priced fast food pub near café sicilia by the river . it is family friendly and has a low rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub , with a low prices , they serve fast food , it is located by the riverside near a café sicilia . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub , with a low prices , they serve fast food , it is located by the riverside near a café sicilia . it has a low customer rating .
the mill is a 1-star pub providing fast food in the low price range . it is suitable for families and located beside café sicilia at the north of city centre .
there is a 1-star cheap pub the mill located beside café sicilia that provides fast food . families are welcomed there .

the mill is a one-star restaurant that offers english breakfast . it is family-friendly , moderately priced and is located near the café rouge by the river .
the mill restaurant serves english food . it is near café rouge , in the riverside area . it is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 .
near café rouge by the riverside there is a restaurant called the mill yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
the mill is a kid friendly restaurant with moderate prices . the mill is located in the riverside near café rouge . the mill provides english style food and customers give them a 1 out of 5 rating .
the mill is an english restaurant located next to café rouge and in the riverside area . customers give this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating . the mill is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing .
the mill is kid friendly but moderately expensive but not highly rated restaurant near café rouge .
the mill offers moderately priced english breakfasts that are family-friendly . it is located near the café rouge by the river and has a one-star rating .
in the riverside area is a restaurant name the mill . it is near the café rouge . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range . it is kid friendly .
a family friendly restaurant called the mill is located near café rouge . it has a low customer rating .
a family friendly restaurant named the mill is located near café rouge . it has a low customer rating .
near café rouge by the riverside there is a restaurant called the mill yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5

the punter is a pub which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the center of the city near the raja indian cuisine and is family friendly .
the punter is a family friendly pub serving chinese food for less than £20 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub providing chinese food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub which serves chinese food is located in the center of the city near the raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £20 .
the punter is a family friendly pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves chinese food with a price range get of less than £20 .
the punter is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub that serves chinese food for under £20 .

the cricketers is a cheap restaurant serving english food , located on the riverside , pretty close to the café rouge . it 's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
near café rouge , by the riverside , there 's a restaurant . it 's serves english food , welcomes families ; it 's cheap and well liked . it 's called the cricketers .
there 's a cheap place by the river called the cricketers . it 's a very popular restaurant . it 's a family friendly place that serves english food . it 's by the café rouge .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving british food next to café rouge . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant in the affordable price bracket . it serves british food and is family friendly and can be found near café rouge .
the cricketers is an english style restaurant located on the riverside , right next to the café rouge . its english food is cheap and got 5 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing english food and drink for cheap . it is located in riverside near café rouge . family are very welcome , previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5 .
on the riverside area near café rouge you can visit cheap family friendly restaurant called the cricketers that serves english food . customer rated 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers serves english food in riverside area near café rouge . it is cheap family friendly place customer rated 5 out of 5 .

the punter is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese restaurant in they city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
kids are welcome at the punter restaurant , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a children friendly chinese restaurant with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant serving chinese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant providing chinese food . it 's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly

there is a moderately priced restaurant in the city center , the waterman , that serves indian food . the price is moderate and it is near the raja indian cuisine .
the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant serving indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing .
the waterman is a moderate priced , child friendly restaurant that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a children friendly restaurant serving indian food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced .
there is a moderate priced , child friendly restaurant called the waterman , that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing moderately priced indian food . it is kid friendly and can be found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian cuisine with a moderate price range . kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .

the cricketers restaurant near café rouge in the area of the riverside serves english food although quite cheap it does not cater for children and has an average customer review .
the cricketers , a riverside restaurant offers affordable english dishes by the café rouge
restaurant , the cricketers , is a restaurant offering english cuisine by the café rouge
english food with an average customer review , near café rouge is the cricketers in the riverside . it is cheap but does not cater foe children in this restaurant .
the cricketers is a non-family-friendly english restaurant in riverside near café rouge with a cheap price range and has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a non-family-friendly english restaurant in riverside near café rouge with an average customer rating and has a cheap price range .

blue spice is a pub in city centre .
a pub in the city centre area called blue spice .

cocum is a coffee shop by the sorrento .

near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the giraffe , serves english food and is family friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant that is children friendly and provides english food . it is located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the riverside has many lovely restaurants , none more so than the giraffe , near to the rainbow vegetarian café is a great to enjoy english food in a family friendly setting .
there is an english based restaurant called giraffe . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café and , yes , it is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a child-friendly restaurant in the riverside area .
the giraffe , a child-friendly , english restaurant , is located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .

the plough is a non family friendly pub who serves chinese food and is less than £20 . it is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
there is a mid-price ranged pub called the plough that serves chinese food located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
the plough is a pub serving chinese food in the mid-price range . it is family-friendly and near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
serving chinese food , the non-family friendly pub , the plough , is a pub in the less than £20 price range . it is in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
with below average prices , the plough , a non-family friendly pub in the city centre , offers chinese food and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
in the less than £20 price range and serving chinese food , the non-family friendly pub , the plough is in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a unique pub in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine pub . they are not family friendly and serve amazing chinese food that is priced less than £20 .

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

the cricketers is an english restaurant located near all bar one within the riverside area . it is highly rated with prices between £20-25 and it is not conducive for kids .
the cricketers restaurant providing english food . it is located in riverside near all bar one . have £20-25 price range and high costumer rating .
the cricketers restaurant providing english food . it is located in riverside near all bar one . have £20-25 price range .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food near all bar one in the riverside area . it has a price range of 20-25 pounds and is a highly rated restaurant .
near all bar one in the riverside area is an english restaurant called the cricketers . they are not conducive for kids , but the prices are between £20-25 and they highly rated .
the cricketers is a restaurant located in the riverside area near all bar one that features highly rated english food for 20-25 pounds and is not kid friendly .

the phoenix shop and café sicilia is a fast food restaurant are located north of the city center .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside next to café sicilia .
café sicilia and the phoenix shop are a fast food restaurant located north of the city center .
the phoenix is a five star pub that is family friendly and serves american food . it is located in city centre next to café sicilia .
the phoenix is a family friendly , high rated , pub with fast food . it 's on the riverside by café sicilia with a price range of about 30 euros .
the phoenix , located in riverside , near the café sicilia , has a high customer satisfaction rating , and is ideal for fast food . it is a children-friendly location , and offers food in the more than £30 price range .
city centre has a great , five star pub called , the phoenix . it is family friendly and located next to café sicilia .
there 's a pub that has fast food with a high customer rating . its called the phoenix and it 's on the river side by café sicilia . it 's family friendly but expect to pay around 30 euros .
the phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is a children-friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating . it is located in riverside , near the café sicilia . the price range is more than £30 .
the phoenix is a pub which sells fast food of great quality at high prices . they are family friendly and can be found just east of café sicilia on the river .

the mill is a fast food restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the high price range . it is located after café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub in the riverside area near café sicilia with low customer rating
the mill is a high cost fast food child friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area with low customer rating
the high priced the mill pub is currently rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is located in the riverside area near café sicilia . yes the mill is child friendly
the mill is a family friendly pub offering fast food . it has a one star rating and is in the high price range . it is located near to café sicilia .
the mill is a one star family friendly pub offering fast food . it is in the high price range and near to café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant near café sicilia with a low customer rating .
near café sicilia by the riverside is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant named the mill .
the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre , with a high price range and low customer rating .
with a high price range and a low customer rating , the mill is a family friendly pub near café sicilia by a riverside in the city centre .
the mill pub is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers . the mill is high priced . the mill is situated near café sicilia in the riverside area . children friendly - yes .

the wrestlers is a restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant in the low price range that serves pasta . it is located near raja indian cuisine and has a public restroom .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low price range in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine with a low price range .
the wrestlers restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine that serves pasta in the low price range . public restrooms available .

the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch .
the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly coffee shop near ranch .
the cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near ranch with a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
near ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating located near ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
a family-friendly coffee shop known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly coffee shop near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch , but its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . low rating near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch that has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly coffee shop called , the cricketers

the punter is an expensive indian restaurant with an average customer rating . it is located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn , but is not children friendly .
near express by holiday inn is an expensive indian restaurant called the punter . it is not child friendly and is in the city centre .
there is an expensive , non-children friendly indian restaurant called the punter located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn .
in the city centre . the restaurant the punter has an average customer rating for its indian food and it is not children friendly . it is located near to express by holiday inn .
near the express by holiday inn in the city center there is a restaurant called the punter that serves indian food for a high price range . it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter has an average customer rating for its indian food . it is a restaurant in the city centre , near to express by holiday inn . it is not children friendly .
the punter is a restaurant that serves indian food for a high price range . it has an average customer rating and is located near express by holiday inn in the city centre , it is not children friendly .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers restaurant can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a restaurant selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a restaurant near raja indian cuisine by riverside .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food restaurant called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers restaurant which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the children friendly restaurant called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers restaurant serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .

there is a restaurant called the phoenix . its is located near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is child friendly and serves indian food at a £20-25 price range . it has a high customer rating .
the phoenix is a restaurant that serves indian food for 20-25 euros , it is in the riverside area near a crowne plaza hotel and is kid friendly with high customer rating .
the phoenix is a restaurant that also serves indian food priced between £20-25 , located near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside . it 's customer rating is high , and the establishment is kids friendly .
for a positive rated restaurant that also serves indian food at a high price , the child friendly venue , the phoenix , sits near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside .
the phoenix , located near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside , is a restaurant that also serves indian food . it is kids friendly and food is priced between £20-25 .
from around £20 for indian food , the phoenix restaurant can provide great service and a child friendly environment right by the riverside . they are located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is kid friendly a restaurant in the riverside area near a crowne plaza hotel that serves indian food for 20-25 euros and has a high customer rating .

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

the wrestlers is a kids friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food .
the wrestlers is a fun and competitive food establishment in the mid-range for italian fare . it is kid-friendly and located near raja indian cuisine near city centre .
the wrestlers is a go-to café for families and features moderately priced food for high-energy customers including families . you can find the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
when in the center of the city you must try the wrestlers with your family . it is a pub that serves italian food at a fair price . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it serves moderately priced italian food and is kids friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves italian food . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . great place to bring your family .

there is a moderately priced english food restaurant called the mill that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
welcome to the mill . we are a restaurant , our price range is moderate , our food is english we 're kid friendly located in the city centre by the raja indian cuisine . we have a disclaimer by the door , we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover .
welcome to the mill . we are a restaurant , our price range is moderate , our food is english we 're kid friendly located in the city centre by the raja indian cuisine . we have a disclaimer by the door , we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover .
the mill is a restaurant with moderate price featuring english food and is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is a child-friendly , moderately-priced english restaurant . it is located in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , there is an english restaurant named the mill . it is in the moderate price range and it is child-friendly .

the phoenix is a family-friendly fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
the phoenix is a nice pub with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near raja indian cuisine
there is a moderately priced pub the phoenix in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a moderately priced pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly but they serve fast food .
the phoenix is a charming pub featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near raja indian cuisine in the city center area
a fast food and pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the phoenix is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20

the cricketers has a high customer rating , it is located near express by holiday inn . yes it is a kids friendly restaurant
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , has a high customer rating .
near the express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant with high customer ratings called the cricketers
located near express by holiday inn , the cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .
the children friendly restaurant named the cricketers has a high customer rating and is near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers are kids friendly restaurant in higher customer rating near express by holiday inn
the cricketers is a highly rated , kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers restaurant food . it has a high rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
next to the express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is kid friendly with a high customer rating .
a popular child friendly restaurant is the cricketers located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near a express by holiday inn with a high customer rating
there is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn . it has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn has received a high customer rating .
near express by holiday inn , there is a kid-friendly restaurant called the cricketers with a high customer rating .
a kid friendly restaurant is located near express by holiday inn . it 's called the cricketers and is highly rated .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers near express by holiday inn that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
near express by holiday inn is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers that has a high customer rating .
the cricketers , near express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
a restaurant with a high rating near the express by holiday inn is the cricketers .
the cricketers is a popular child friendly restaurant located near express by holiday inn .
the cricketers restaurant near express by holiday inn is a high end experience for the entire family .

next to raja indian cuisine there is a non family friendly restaurant , it is called the wrestlers and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a non family friendly , low priced restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is situated near raja indian cuisine at the riverside . prices are less than £20 . not family-friendly .
a low priced restaurant called the wrestlers is not suitable for families . it is next to the raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a japanese restaurant . no families . its prices are within the less than £20 range .
the wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant , located near the river . raja indian cuisine is nearby .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine on the riverside . its prices lie within the less than £20 range . no families .
near raja indian cuisine in riverside is the wrestlers . it is a japanese restaurant , has reasonable prices but is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers , located near raja indian cuisine , is a low-priced restaurant that does not cater to families of small children .
the wrestlers restaurant serves japanese food . it is situated near raja indian cuisine at the riverside . prices are less than £20 . it is not family-friendly .
the wrestlers is across from raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not family-friendly , but offers japanese food at a reasonable price .

pub giraffe is a family-friendly fast food pub in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a pub that offers family-friendly fast food . it is located in the city centre , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , located in the city centre , is a pub that offers fast food . this family-friendly pub can be found near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café there is a fast food pub named giraffe , which is family-friendly .
giraffe is a family-friendly pub that also serves fast food . it is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café
located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a family-friendly pub serving fast food .

wildwood is a family-friendly italian pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
wildwood is a family-friendly italian pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the family-friendly , italian food pub , wildwood , is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a family-friendly italian pub . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a family oriented pub that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in city centre .
wildwood is family-friendly pub specializing in italian cuisine near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre .

the mill is a cheap pub that also serves fast food . it is located in the city centre near a café sicilia . customers rate it a 5 out of 5 . it is not family-friendly .
the mill serves cheap fast food . located near the café sicilia , it is not family-friendly . great rating of 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a cheap pub in the city centre . located near a café sicilia , it also serves fast food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers . however , it is not family-friendly .
cheaply priced , city centre pub the mill is the fast food alternative to nearby café sicilia , scoring a top customer rating despite not being family-friendly .
the mill pub sells cheap fast food . located in the city centre near café sicilia , it is not recommended for families .
the mill located near café sicilia serves cheap pub fast food . it has a 5 out of 5 rating but not family-friendly .

the wrestlers is a restaurant that serves italian food . has a moderate price range , and is kids friendly . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced italian restaurant that is kids friendly near raja located in riverside .
the wrestlers is a moderate price range italian food café is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
italian food restaurant the wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a nice priced italian restaurant that is kids friendly .
the wrestlers serves italian food . it is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and has a moderate price range .

there is a moderately priced english food restaurant called the mill that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
welcome to the mill . we are a restaurant , our price range is moderate , our food is english we 're kid friendly located in the city centre by the raja indian cuisine . we have a disclaimer by the door , we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover .
welcome to the mill . we are a restaurant , our price range is moderate , our food is english we 're kid friendly located in the city centre by the raja indian cuisine . we have a disclaimer by the door , we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover .
the mill is a restaurant with moderate price featuring english food and is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is a child-friendly , moderately-priced english restaurant . it is located in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , there is an english restaurant named the mill . it is in the moderate price range and it is child-friendly .

the mill , a low price family friendly breakfast and restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
for under £20 you can eat at the mill in riverside . it 's a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant with prices less that £20 . this english restaurant is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a low-priced family restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
there is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the mill which offers cheap food .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english restaurant called the mill . it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly .
there is an inexpensive and family friendly restaurant serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill .
the mill restaurant offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20 . we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
visit the mill , a low priced family friendly breakfast and restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our restaurant here at the mill . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than £20 .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .

if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix restaurant . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and restaurant called the phoenix .
the children friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
a high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the restaurant is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
family friendly , the phoenix restaurant which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there is a family friendly restaurant called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix restaurant offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
there 's a restaurant named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .
the phoenix is a high price restaurant located by raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a fast food , restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the restaurant is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range . it sells chinese food and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . this restaurant is kids friendly , and can be found in the riverside area near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant with moderately priced chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars . it is on the riverside near all bar one .
the cricketers is a 3 out of 5 stars chinese restaurant in the moderate price range near the all bar one by the riverside . it is kids friendly .
located in the riverside area , the cricketers is a restaurant that also sells chinese food . it is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly , and is within a moderate price range . this restaurant has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it can be found near all bar one in the riverside area .

located in the city center , the vaults is a pub offering moderate japanese food . children are welcome . close by is raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub offering moderate japanese food . situated in the city center close to raja indian cuisine

the waterman restaurant is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine that offers italian food on a price range of cheap and is also family friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is the waterman ; a cheap family friendly , italian , restaurant .
near raja indian cuisine their is a restaurant that is family friendly along the riverside named the waterman which serves italian food on a cheap price range .
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine is a cheap italian establishment with a restaurant called the waterman and yes it is family friendly
the waterman is a cheap family friendly , italian , restaurant . it is located in riverside and can be found near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman , is a restaurant , serving italian food , in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , that is inexpensive and family friendly .
there is a cheap restaurant called the waterman that is located riverside that serves italian food . it is family friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is an establishment selling italian food and also has a restaurant on site . it is located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is a cheap place to eat and yes it is family friendly

the punter is a children friendly chinese pub with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
kids are welcome at the punter pub , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter pub offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
the punter is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese pub in they city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderately priced pub serving chinese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the punter is a moderately priced pub providing chinese food . it 's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

there is a japanese food eat type restaurant by the name of the vaults that serves coffee near raja indian cuisine , it is is family friendly with a $ 20 or less price range .
the vaults is a 3 star , family friendly pub located by the margin of the river next to raja indian cuisine that provides japanese food for a cheap price .
the vaults is a riverside pub , situated near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and serves japanese food . yes , it is also family friendly . the customer rating is average .
the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a pub that welcomes family and is rated three out of five stars .
near raja indian cuisine is a japanese pub called the vaults by the riverside which is family friendly and is less than £20 with an average customer rating
the vaults is a pub that serves japanese food . it is located near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside . customer rating is average and yes , it is family friendly .
located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a family friendly , 3 star pub that provides japanese food for a low cost .
the vaults is a cheap pub near raja indian cuisine that is family friendly and three star rated .
there is a family friendly pub by the riverside near raja indian cuisine called the vaults which has an average customer rating and is family friendly with price of less than £20

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

the phoenix , a french pub , serves dishes less than £20 near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre
the phoenix is a french pub average rated located in the city center near crowne plaza hotel . you pay less than £20 in a non family environment .
the phoenix is pub that serves average french food in city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly place with price less than £20 .
pub called the phoenix is located in city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it serves average french food with price range less than £20 . it is not family-friendly place .
near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre is french pub the phoenix serving dishes less than £20
french average rated pub in the city center where you pay less than £20 . the phoenix , non family , near crowne plaza hotel .

the phoenix is a moderate priced french pub located near crowne plaza hotel in riverside .
the phoenix is a reasonably priced pub offering a more adult experience by the riverside . it 's location near a crowne plaza hotel and misguided french bistro styling take to much from the experience to warrant a second visit .
for a moderately priced french-style pub on the riverside , come to the phoenix - a 1 star child-free experience just past the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub with moderate pricing located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel .
there resides a french pub that should have fallen into the riverside with its prices . the phoenix offers no respite for weary parents , but the crowne plaza hotel next door definitely does .
leave the children at crowne plaza hotel and come to the phoenix , a 1-star french-style pub down on the riverside .

a cheap english pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is called the mill . it is n't family-friendly .
located next to raja indian cuisine , is a non family low priced pub called the mill .
nearby the city centre and raja indian cuisine , the mill is a cheap pub that is not family friendly .
the mill is a low priced , non family pub located next to raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a cheap english pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't family-friendly .
the mill ' is a pub located on the riverside , near 'raja indian cuisine ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than £20 , and are not family-friendly .
there is a adults only cheap pub the mill serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
there is a cheap pub the mill serving english food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine adults only
the pub 'the mill ' is located on the riverside , near 'raja indian cuisine ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than £20 , and are not family-friendly .

on city centre there is a restaurant that sells italian named the waterman food has a high price and close to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a restaurant with great italian food not good for family and a high price is near to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is an expensive italian restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not child friendly .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is an adult restaurant called the waterman . this high priced restaurant serves italian food .
the waterman is a high priced adult restaurant that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
there is an italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in city centre . the waterman is expensive and is n't family-friendly .

if you 're looking for somewhere that is n't family-friendly , riverside has giraffe , a french pub near the raja indian cuisine .
even if it 's not family-friendly , if you are searching for a pub near the riverside and raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a great place to go to .
giraffe is a mature , whole foods pub located near raja indian cuisine .
located near the river and the crowne plaza , giraffe is an adult only pub offering spirits and appetizers .
giraffe is a not family-friendly french pub near raja indian cuisine near the riverside .
giraffe is an adult only pub offering spirits and appetizers and is located near the river and the raja indian cuisine .
if you are in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine you will find an adult french pub called the giraffe .
giraffe is a whole foods pub located near raja indian cuisine . it is not intended for the whole family .
giraffe is a french pub bear raja indian cuisine in riverside , though it is not family-friendly .
the giraffe is a pub serving french food . it 's near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . just do n't bring the kids
the giraffe is a pub located within walking distance of raja indian cuisine .

japanese food at the wrestlers pub features a price range of more than £30 . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . we are not children friendly .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub is not children friendly . our price range is more than £30 and we offer japanese food .
the wrestlers is an adult japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine with price range more than £30
the wrestlers is an adult japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine with price range more than £30

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

there is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it serves english food but is not family-friendly .
the blue spice is not a family-friendly pub located near the rainbow vegetarian café just off the river .
a pub called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . not family-friendly but serves english food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , by the riverside is a pub called the blue spice . it is not suitable for families .
blue spice is a pub located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
next to the river not far from rainbow vegetarian café is a no children pub blue spice which provides english breakfast .
an english pub called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . however , not suitable for families .
near the river is a pub called the blue spice . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café and is not family-friendly .
blue spice is a pub serving english food . you 'll find it alongside the river near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it is n't a family-friendly establishment .
blue spice has a no children policy , it is a pub sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a pub located by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not child friendly .

the wrestlers is a family friendly pub that is fairly priced and serves sushi . it is located next to the raja indian cuisine .
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside , you will find the wrestlers . a decently priced , child friendly coffee chop and japanese food establishment .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine . it is in the average price range .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub offering a child friendly environment . they are located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a decently priced pub and japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside . it is close to raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese , family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers and is moderately priced .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , family friendly japanese pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
there is a fairly priced pub near raja indian cuisine that serves sushi and is called the wrestlers .
in riverside you can find a japanese pub of moderate price called the wrestlers . they offer a child friendly environment and can be found near raja indian cuisine .

the restaurant the cricketers located in the city centre near café rouge serves average quality english food very cheap but is family-friendly .
the cricketers is a cheap , english restaurant near café rouge in the city center . they are rated as average and not family-friendly .
not for families , the cricketers is a restaurant in the city centre near café rouge where you can enjoy cheap english food with an average rating .
an average , cheap , english restaurant near café rouge in the city center , is the cricketers . they are not family-friendly .
the cricketers , is a restaurant that serves cheap english food and is not family-friendly . it is located in the city centre near café rouge and has received an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre near café rouge . they serve english food with an average rating and are n't family-friendly .

the vaults is an up market french cuisine pub located in the city centre near to the raja indian cuisine pub
if you are looking for an up market french pub you should try the vaults which is located in the city centre close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a pub providing french food more than 30 pounds price range it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only
the french pub 'the vaults ' is located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' with a price range of over £30 . they are not children friendly .
the pub 'the vaults ' is a french pub who are not children friendly with a price range of over £30 . they are located in the city centre , near 'raja indian cuisine ' .
the vaults is a french food pub in the more than 30 pounds price range it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine not child friendly for adults only

the green man is a restaurant near express by holiday inn in the city centre which serves japanese food . it is not family-friendly .
for a restaurant that serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre and that is n't family-friendly then go to the green man
the green man is a non-family-friendly restaurant that serves japanese food near the express by holiday inn in the city centre .
near the express by holiday inn in the city centre there is a non family-friendly restaurant called the green man , it serves japanese food .
located near the express by holiday inn in the city centre is a restaurant named green man . they serve japanese food and are not family-friendly .
green man is a restaurant that is n't family-friendly , serves japanese food near to the express by holiday inn in the city centre

the punter is an indian restaurant , it is pretty bad moderate prices and 3 out of 5 customer ratings , the punter is on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , yes mothers it can accommodate kids .
the punter is a restaurant , which also serves indian cuisine at moderate prices . customers have rated the food 3 out of 5 . the punter is situated near the riverside and express by holiday inn . children are welcome .
the punter is a restaurant serving indian food with a moderate price . it is located near express by holiday inn along the riverside and is kids friendly . it is rated 3 out of 5 .
located on the riverside near express by holiday inn , the punter is a restaurant that also serves indian food . with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is also a kid friendly place .
the punter is a restaurant , which also provides indian cuisine at moderate prices . customers have rated the food 3 out of 5 . the punter is situated near the riverside and express by holiday inn . children are welcome .
near the riverside is a indian restaurant that is suitable for kids , however it is priced in moderate standards and only has a 3 out of 5 rating . on the riverside near the express by holiday inn the shop is called the punter
there is a restaurant , the punter , serving indian food along the riverside near express by holiday inn . it is kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the wrestlers is a restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant in the low price range that serves pasta . it is located near raja indian cuisine and has a public restroom .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low price range in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine with a low price range .
the wrestlers restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine that serves pasta in the low price range . public restrooms available .

the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly restaurant near avalon
the cricketers is a restaurant located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
3 out of 5 star restaurant style restaurant the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a restaurant called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near avalon . the restaurant boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly restaurant near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the phoenix is a family-friendly pub that has a price range less than 20 pounds featuring fast food near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
welcome to the phoenix , we are a pub . we 're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
welcome to the phoenix , we are a pub . we 're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix pub serves fast food is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is family-friendly and has a price range less than 20 pounds .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

the punter is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese restaurant in they city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese restaurant in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
kids are welcome at the punter restaurant , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a children friendly chinese restaurant with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant serving chinese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant providing chinese food . it 's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly

there is a pub named cocum located near café sicilia . the customer rating is high .
near café sicilia is a high rated pub called cocum
pub located near café sicilia called cocum with a high customer rating
for a pub with high customer rating near café sicilia , try cocum .
pub cocum has a high customer rating and is located near café sicilia .
there is a high rated pub named cocum near café sicilia .

the green man , near all bar one , is pub receiving customer ratings of 1 out of 5 .
near all bar one you can find a pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called green man .
the pub near all bar one is green man . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
rated 1 out of 5 , green man pub is near all bar one .
if you 're nearby all bar one , you can give the pub green man a try , although it currently gets low ratings from other customers - a 1 out of 5 .
the green man pub received a rating of 1 out of 5. it is located near all bar one .

the phoenix is a cheap , family-friendly french pub , in the riverside area . it is near crowne plaza hotel , and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the phoenix is a family-friendly restaurant , near crowne plaza hotel , that offers an affordable menu of cheeses , breads , soups and alcohol . it has a five-star rating .
the phoenix is an inexpensive , 5-star pub that offers a menu of fruits , cheeses and wines that the whole family is welcome to enjoy . they are located north of the city center , beside a crowne plaza hotel and the river .
the phoenix is a five-star restaurant and pub , located near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub located near crowne plaza hotel in riverside . at a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and its cheap this makes a great family friendly place .
the phoenix pub it a cheap and a family friendly place situated down the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . this is the main reason for receiving a 5 out of 5 customer rating score .
the phoenix can be found north of the city center , near a crowne plaza hotel , with a view of the river . for their cheap prices , you and your family can receive 5-star cheeses , fruits and wines .
the phoenix is a inexpensive 5 star family restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
near crowne plaza hotel there is a family friendly , french pub the phoenix . it is a cheap place in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
in the riverside area , there is a family-friendly french pub called the phoenix . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the phoenix is a cheap pub situated at the riverside near crowne plaza hotel .

there is a japanese pub called the vaults its by the riverside near raja indian cuisine with high ratings and also kid friendly .
the vaults is an average priced pub style japanese restaurant with high customer reviews and child friendly atmosphere , near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is great sushi at affordable prices . located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a mid-price 5-star sushi bar and pub near raja indian cuisine , north of the city center .
find the vaults is a japanese food a highly rated kids friendly average priced pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults , a japanese pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults , a japanese pub , boasts moderate prices , high ratings , and a family friendly atmosphere .
the vaults is a mid-price 5-star family restaurant and pub . it 's north of the city center .
a kid friendly japanese pub that has high ratings is close to raja indian cuisine near the riverside , the name is the vaults .

the punter is a restaurant located at riverside near raja indian cuisine serves english food and a family friendly place that a cheap price range of food .
come visit riverside and eat some english food at the punter family friendly restaurant for a cheap price . found near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a family friendly restaurant . it serves low price range english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the punter is a cheap family friendly english restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a family friendly restaurant which offer english food for a cheap price . located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving cheap english food and is great for families .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is a cheap family friendly english restaurant called the punter .
there is a cheap family friendly restaurant on riverside called the punter , they serve english food , and are located near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a cheap restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , they serve english food and our family friendly .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

the cricketers is a children friendly english restaurant with prices in the high range . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the riverside area near café rouge .
beside the café rouge at the end of the city is a high priced restaurant called the cricketers .
the cricketers is an english restaurant which is child friendly , has a high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located by the riverside near a café rouge .
the cricketers restaurant by the river , rated one star and on the pricey side for it 's british food . kids welcome and café rouge is just don the road .
the cricketers is a high end restaurant located at the end of the city beside café rouge .
the cricketers restaurant is family friendly . serving british food , expensive and only 1 star , but café rouge is near by .
the cricketers is located in the riverside area near café rouge . the cricketers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . they are a children friendly english restaurant .
the cricketers is a high priced family restaurant located near café rouge and the river .

a restaurant that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .
a children friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers is located in riverside and is italian food for more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant that is located in the area of riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve italian food with a high price range of more than £30
an italian restaurant called the wrestlers is a restaurant in the area of riverside located near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly place with a high price range of more than £30 .
if you 're looking to spend more than £30 , there is a children friendly restaurant that has italian food near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
a restaurant that is kid friendly near raja indian cuisine named the wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves italian food .

the vaults is a pub is located near raja indian cuisine by the river . they are a reasonably priced pub that is family friendly .
the vaults is a reasonably priced , family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine by the river .
moderately priced and kid friendly , the vaults is a pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine the vaults serves french food . this pub is moderately priced and kid friendly .
the vaults is a cheap pub located next to raja indian cuisine .
the french pub , the vaults , is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a nicely made french pub that is kids friendly and located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . the price range is moderate .
the vaults french pub is children friendly , and can be found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub which sells fine foods at moderate prices . they welcome families and are just east of raja indian cuisine on the river
the vaults is a family friendly pub that deals in modern delicacies . they cater to those with checkbooks of moderate size , and can be found in the park on the river , just east of raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub serves food and drinks cheap prices located next to raja indian cuisine .

there is a restaurant called giraffe near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . kids are welcome .
the restaurant , giraffe is fast food and kid friendly near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside .
in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly restaurant style restaurant called giraffe . they serve fast food type items .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant near riverside and rainbow vegetarian café that is kid friendly .
giraffe is a child friendly restaurant serving fast food near rainbow vegetarian café by a riverside .
giraffe in riverside is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe , a restaurant with fast food , and children friendly , it is in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located on the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant giraffe serves fast food and is family friendly
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a family friendly restaurant that has fast food called giraffe .
giraffe is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , that offers fast food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant called giraffe which serves fast food .
fast food restaurant giraffe near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is kid-friendly .
giraffe is a restaurant with fast food and family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café location riverside .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant in riverside . located near the rainbow vegetarian café , it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal .
by the riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , there is a child-friendly restaurant called giraffe that serves fast food .
in riverside , there is a restaurant offering fast food near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is called giraffe and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment .
giraffe is a child friendly , fast food restaurant . it is located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant by the riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
if your kids want fast food , try giraffe restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the fast food restaurant called the giraffe , is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is kid friendly , and also a restaurant
giraffe is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves fast food and is family friendly .
by the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café , giraffe is a restaurant providing fast food for you and the kids .
giraffe is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . fast food
a restaurant with fast food giraffe is child friendly located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is a fast food restaurant . it is child friendly and located by the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
a family friendly fast food , restaurant located riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café called giraffe .
giraffe is a riverside restaurant which serves fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café . children are welcome .
giraffe serves fast food and is kids-friendly . it is a restaurant in the area of riverside and is near rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is located near rainbow vegetarian café . it is a kids friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside .
giraffe , , in the riverside area , near the rainbow vegetarian café , there is a restaurant with fast food , of and it is kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café , a fast food restaurant is family friendly , and situated riverside called giraffe .
there is a family-friendly , fast food , restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside called giraffe .

the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch .
the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly coffee shop near ranch .
the cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near ranch with a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
near ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating located near ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
a family-friendly coffee shop known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly coffee shop near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch , but its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . low rating near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch that has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly coffee shop called , the cricketers

serving chinese food , the non-family friendly restaurant , the plough , is a restaurant in the less than £20 price range . it is in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
with below average prices , the plough , a non-family friendly restaurant in the city centre , offers chinese food and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a restaurant serving chinese food in the mid-price range . it is family-friendly and near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
the plough is a unique restaurant in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine restaurant . they are not family friendly and serve amazing chinese food that is priced less than £20 .
the plough is a non family friendly restaurant who serves chinese food and is less than £20 . it is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
in the less than £20 price range and serving chinese food , the non-family friendly restaurant , the plough is in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-price ranged restaurant called the plough that serves chinese food located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .

the vaults pub has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the up market french pub , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is high price pub serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .
there is high price pub named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly

a family-friendly italian restaurant is the waterman . it has prices less than £20 and is located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre .
located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre , is the italian restaurant called the waterman . it has prices less than £20 .
the waterman , sited near raja indian cuisine , luton , is a family-friendly restaurant serving italian food at mid-range prices .
in the city near raja indian cuisine there is a family-friendly italian restaurant with a price range of less than 20 euros named the waterman .
the waterman is a family-friendly restaurant offering italian food at reasonable prices , it is located near the raja indian cuisine , luton .
the waterman is a family-friendly italian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city with a price range of less than 20 euros

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

the mill is a low priced pub located near the café sicilia by the river .
near café sicilia is located the mill . this can be found in the riverside area . the mill is a family friendly pub with great prices and average customer service .
located in riverside near café sicilia , the mill , with an average customer rating , is a family friendly fast food serving pub with a cheap price range .
the mill is an average , family friendly , and inexpensive fast food option in riverside . you can find this pub near café sicilia .
the mill is located near café sicilia in the riverside area . the mill is a very delegate pub that is family friendly and offers fast food , the customer rating is average and the prices are cheap .
the mill is an inexpensive pub which serves burgers and fries located along the river near café sicilia . it has three-stars and is family-friendly .
the mill is a family friendly fast food serving coffee ship with cheap price range and an average customer rating . it is located in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill pub has a good offer on soft drinks , potato fries and burgers . the quality is all right for the money and it is a family friendly local , nearby café sicilia .
the mill is a family-friendly affordable pub located north of the city centre by the café sicilia .
you wo n't pay much for fries , burgers and soft drinks at the mill pub , the quality is all right and it is close to café sicilia .
near café sicilia in riverside you will find the mill . it is your average pub with inexpensive fast food options and a family friendly environment .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

for a central family friendly venue serving cheap chinese food , try the cricketers restaurant . it has average customer ratings and is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food in the city centre , near all bar one . it is family friendly and has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food at low prices . it is okay and is located in the city centre . it is family friendly and is near to all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a cheap restaurant serving chinese food with okay reviews . it is located in the city centre near all bar one and is family friendly .
the cricketers restaurant is in the city centre near all bar one . it serves cheap chinese food and is family friendly with average customer ratings .

the phoenix is a quaint pub serving french food at a moderate price point , specifically friendly to kids . however it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , but is located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is a family friendly pub called the phoenix . they serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in the medium price range and have a one-star rating .
the phoenix is a one-star rated pub located along the riverside near crowne plaza hotel . they serve medium-priced wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere .
a family friendly pub , the phoenix , has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located next to crowne plaza hotel on the river .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub near crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . with a moderate price range , it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars for a decent price located in city centre near crowne plaza hotel
the phoenix is a pub serving french food in the riverside area . it is family friendly with a moderate price range , and located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a pub called the phoenix with a moderate price range that serves french food and is also kid friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , located near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside
the phoenix is a family style pub with a rating of one out of five stars in city center . near crowne plaza hotel
located in riverside , near crowne plaza hotel , the phoenix is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub . it serves french food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

blue spice restaurant , located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café , offers a family-friendly environment and serves english dishes .
a family-friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre is the blue spice .
the blue spice is a family-friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
there is a restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it serves english cuisine and is family-friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , you will find the family-friendly restaurant blue spice , serving an english food menu .

if you 're looking for somewhere that is n't family-friendly , riverside has giraffe , a french pub near the raja indian cuisine .
even if it 's not family-friendly , if you are searching for a pub near the riverside and raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a great place to go to .
giraffe is a mature , whole foods pub located near raja indian cuisine .
located near the river and the crowne plaza , giraffe is an adult only pub offering spirits and appetizers .
giraffe is a not family-friendly french pub near raja indian cuisine near the riverside .
giraffe is an adult only pub offering spirits and appetizers and is located near the river and the raja indian cuisine .
if you are in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine you will find an adult french pub called the giraffe .
giraffe is a whole foods pub located near raja indian cuisine . it is not intended for the whole family .
giraffe is a french pub bear raja indian cuisine in riverside , though it is not family-friendly .
the giraffe is a pub serving french food . it 's near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . just do n't bring the kids
the giraffe is a pub located within walking distance of raja indian cuisine .

in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese restaurant named the blue spice .
the restaurant blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a family-oriented restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
blue spice , a kid-friendly restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a restaurant and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly restaurant blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family friendly chinese restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice restaurant , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice restaurant offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
a kid friendly restaurant called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
blue spice chinese restaurant in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly restaurant called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese restaurant is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .

located near all bar one , the clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near all bar one the clowns coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 .
a coffee shop called the clowns has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near all bar one .
near all bar one there is a coffee shop named clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
good customer score of 3 out of 5 clowns coffee shop is a recommended place to eat . located near the all bar one .
for a 3 out of 5 star customer rated coffee shop near all bar one , clowns is relatively expensive .

near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly pub serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly pub . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a child-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in riverside .
there is a family-friendly italian pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian pub called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
italian food is available in a children friendly pub green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
near express by holiday inn their is a pub that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is an italian pub situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
green man is a pub that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly pub that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly italian pub in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , pub environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
riverside the location of a pub that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly italian pub along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian pub which is child friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian pub located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly pub offering italian food .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man pub is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man pub also offers pasta and wine .
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving pub called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a pub located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly pub which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man pub is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man pub also offers meals and wine .
a kid friendly pub near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
there 's a pub called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
green man is a pub located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a pub named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this pub specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian pub and child friendly
green man pub serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly pub named green man , which also serves italian food .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly pub that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .

the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
3 out of 5 star coffee shop style coffee shop the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a coffee shop called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly coffee shop near avalon
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . the coffee shop boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly coffee shop near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .

the wrestlers is a family friendly pub that is fairly priced and serves sushi . it is located next to the raja indian cuisine .
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside , you will find the wrestlers . a decently priced , child friendly coffee chop and japanese food establishment .
the wrestlers pub is located near raja indian cuisine . it is in the average price range .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese pub offering a child friendly environment . they are located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a decently priced pub and japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside . it is close to raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese , family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers and is moderately priced .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , family friendly japanese pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
there is a fairly priced pub near raja indian cuisine that serves sushi and is called the wrestlers .
in riverside you can find a japanese pub of moderate price called the wrestlers . they offer a child friendly environment and can be found near raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range .
with prices ranging £20-25 , the wrestlers pub can be found near raja indian cuisine . the wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves japanese fare .
near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area lies the wrestlers pub which serves japanese food , is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25 .
the wrestlers serves japanese food , and is situated near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area . it is a kid friendly pub with a price range of £20 - £25 .
the wrestlers is a japanese food pub , located in the riverside area nearby raja indian cuisine . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside , there 's a pub selling japanese food . it 's called the wrestlers , it 's kid friendly and costs around £20-25 .
nearby raja indian cuisine in riverside , is a japanese food pub called the wrestlers . it is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly .
the wrestlers pub serving japanese food is located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside . you can eat there for average price , and children are welcome .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a japanese pub called the wrestlers . it is average-priced and kids friendly .
the children friendly pub called the wrestlers can be found by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food in average price range .
the wrestlers sells japanese food for £20-25 . it 's a pub near raja indian cuisine by riverside .

the blue spice is a pub that also serves chinese food , it 's located in the city center . the pub is n't very family friendly , but the proximity to the rainbow vegetarian café makes up for it .
near rainbow vegetarian café blue spice pub chinese in city centre family friendly no .
located in the city center . right next to the rainbow vegetarian café , the pub , blue spice , has wonderful chinese food . the blue spice is perfect for date night , but i would n't recommend bringing your family there .
blue spice is a pub located in the city centre . it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a pub that also sells chinese food . children should not visit .
a pub named blue spice is located in the city centre . it is for adults and is close to rainbow vegetarian café . they offer chinese food .
there is a pub blue spice located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . it is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .

the french restaurant named the phoenix is a pub in the city centre , near café sicilia is a place for kids with price range from 20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub near café sicilia in the center of the city that is kids friendly , it ranges from 20-25 euros for a meal . customers rate it 3 out of 5 , it serves french food .
located in the city centre , near café sicilia , the phoenix is an average priced , family-friendly pub serving french food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub near café sicilia in the center of the city that is kids friendly , it ranges from 20-25 euros for a meal . customers rate it 3 out of 5 , it serves french food .
the french restaurant named the phoenix is a pub in the city centre , near café sicilia is a place for kids with price range from 20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family-friendly pub serving french food located in the city centre , near café sicilia . the phoenix is averaged priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the mill is an english restaurant that costs more than £30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the café rouge .
the mill restaurant is an expensive establishment situated near the café rouge in the city centre which sells high quality english food , but is unsuitable for children .
the mill is a high customer rating restaurant that is not children friendly . it 's near the city centre and café rouge . the menu serves english food and is usually more £30 , but it 's worth it .
the mill is an english restaurant that costs more than £30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the café rouge .
if you are searching for an english restaurant near the city centre and café rouge , the mill is a high customer rating place to go . it is not children friendly place and it has a £30 and over menu , but you might want to check it out .
the mill restaurant is a restaurant with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the café rouge . it serves english food and the price range is above average . it is not suitable for children .

the vaults , a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range , with a rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves italian food and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the pub the vaults is located near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside , it has a moderate price range and a kid friendly atmosphere with italian food and a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving food . located next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
the vaults pub is a family café . mid-range price and very close to rainbow vegetarian café restaurant .
the vaults is a family oriented pub and it 's affordable . it 's next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
a family safe , mid priced pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café is the vaults .
in riverside located near rainbow vegetarian café , is kids friendly pub with a moderate price range . it is rated 3 out of 5 and serves italian food , it is called the vaults .
the vaults is a pub located just outside the city center for families that serves food . located next to the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a pub which has a moderate price range and is kid friendly called the vaults with italian food and a customer taking of 3 out of 5 .

the wrestlers , located north of the city center . near raja indian cuisine , is a moderately priced pub .
the wrestlers in riverside is a pub located near raja indian cuisine is child friendly , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating serves japanese food and costs more than £30 .
the wrestlers , a moderately priced pub , is located north of the city center . near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub is high-priced with great ratings . it is located near raja indian cuisine ,
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine . they have a high price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine located in riverside is a pub that is child friendly , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , serves japanese food that costs more than £30 .
near raja indian cuisine there is a japanese pub the wrestlers in riverside . their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30 .
the wrestlers has japanese food and is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is a children friendly pub and has a price range more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlers pub is a family friendly sushi restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers pub serves sushi and is located near raja indian cuisine . they have a 5 out of 5 star customer rating and have a high price range .
there is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers in riverside . their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30 .

the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant that offers indian food in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it has a very low customer rating , in the moderate price range and is family friendly .
the punter is a moderately priced restaurant with indian food . they are rated a 1 out of 5 and children are permitted . the can be located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a restaurant that servers indian food in the modern price range . yes it is kids friendly . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 . it is located by the riverside near express by holiday inn
conveniently located in riverside near express by holiday inn there is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food with a rating of 1 out of 5 called the punter . children are permitted .
near express by holiday inn in riverside is a restaurant that offers indian food called the punter . it has a very low customer rating and has average prices . it is family friendly .

the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it is by the riverside , serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 .
at the riverside , nearby raja indian cuisine , there is a child friendly restaurant called the phoenix which serves fast food , for which you can expect to pay more than £30 .
the phoenix is a children friendly restaurant that serves fast food and has a price range of more than l30 . it is by the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
for a fast food restaurant with a price range more than £30 there is the phoenix in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is also children friendly .
the phoenix restaurant is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £30 . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is children friendly with a price range more than £30 per head .

in the city center , near raja indian cuisine , the plough pub dishes out high class chinese eats , with an atmosphere that is not children friendly .
the chinese pub , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the price range is high and is n't children friendly .
in the city centre , the plough pub s is expensive . it offers chinese food and is not children friendly . it is located near to the raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the city centre there is a pub called the plough . it serves chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly .
the plough , a pub in the city centre offering chinese food , is in the above average price range . it is located near the raja indian cuisine and is not children friendly .
the chinese pub , the plough , is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . this place is n't children friendly , as well as the price range being high .
the plough pub serves high priced chinese food in the city center , near raja indian cuisine . be advised , the plough is not children friendly .

there is a riverside pub near the rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it serves english food but is not family-friendly .
the blue spice is not a family-friendly pub located near the rainbow vegetarian café just off the river .
a pub called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . not family-friendly but serves english food .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , by the riverside is a pub called the blue spice . it is not suitable for families .
blue spice is a pub located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
next to the river not far from rainbow vegetarian café is a no children pub blue spice which provides english breakfast .
an english pub called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . however , not suitable for families .
near the river is a pub called the blue spice . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café and is not family-friendly .
blue spice is a pub serving english food . you 'll find it alongside the river near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it is n't a family-friendly establishment .
blue spice has a no children policy , it is a pub sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a pub located by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not child friendly .

the punter is a children friendly chinese pub with a moderate price range located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
kids are welcome at the punter pub , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter pub offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
the punter is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese pub in they city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a moderately priced pub serving chinese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
the punter is a moderately priced pub providing chinese food . it 's in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine and is kid friendly

there is a high price restaurant , the waterman , located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine that serves italian but is not children friendly .
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the waterman with a high price range italian food .
located riverside near the raja indian cuisine , the waterman is a restaurant offering italian food at a high price range . it is not very children friendly .
the waterman is a restaurant with italian food . it is not children friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , its price range is high , though located riverside .
the waterman near raja indian cuisine in riverside serves a high price range italian food .
the waterman is a restaurant that also serves italian at a high price range and is not children friendly , it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .

strada coffee shop near express by holiday inn has a low customer rating
strada coffee shop has a low customer rating and is located near express by holiday inn .
strada is a coffee shop , near express by holiday inn . it has a low customer rating .
strada is a one star coffee shop located near express by holiday inn
strada coffee shop has a low customer rating and is located near express by holiday inn .

the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly restaurant near ranch .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly restaurant near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch that has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch .
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly restaurant called , the cricketers
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . low rating near the ranch .
a family-friendly restaurant known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating located near ranch .
near ranch is a child friendly restaurant called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a child-friendly restaurant located near ranch with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near ranch , but its customer rating is low .

there is a french pub the phoenix with excellent customer rating . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , cheap and family-friendly .
the phoenix is a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating . it sells french food by the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre , you can bring your kids and get a cheap meal .
there 's a family-friendly pub called the phoenix selling french food . it 's rated 5 out of 5 and it 's cheap as well , you can find it by crowne plaza hotel in the city centre .
the cheap highly rated family-friendly pub called the phoenix is located in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food .
in the city centre , near crowne plaza hotel , there is a cheap highly rated pub called the phoenix , which serves french food and is family-friendly .
the phoenix , a french , affordable pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with excellent customer service .

the plough pub has chinese food and is friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the plough is a pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .
the plough is an expensive pub and that serves chinese food located near the riverside raja indian cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
there is a pub the plough located riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are not children friendly .
there is a riverside pub near raja indian cuisine called the plough , that serves chinese food in the high price range . this venue is not suited for families with children .
the plough is a pub offering chinese food . they are located riverside and are not children friendly . they can be found riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a pub that has expensive chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the mill is an average non family-friendly pub that has fast food near café sicilia in the city centre .
the mill is a cheap fast food and pub establishment located in the city centre near café sicilia . it is not kid-friendly .
the mill pub is near café sicilia in the city centre that is n't family friendly , is average and has fast food .
the mill is a fast-food pub located in the center of the city near café sicilia . while the prices are cheap , the pub is not family-friendly , although it does hold an average customer rating .
the mill is a fast-food pub near café sicilia in the center of the city . while the shop holds an average customer rating and has a cheap price range , it is not a family-friendly place .
near the café sicilia in the city centre , there is a cheap , non-family-friendly fast food and pub named the mill .

near burger king there is a highly rated coffee shop named cocum .
there is a coffee shop named cocum located near burger king . this coffee shop has a high customer rating .

the vaults is a kids friendly pub that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly pub that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is an average-priced pub near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults is a pub which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a pub offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a pub that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

giraffe is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly , and is a french pub .
the pub , giraffe also serves french food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , and is not family-friendly .
giraffe provides french food and is not family-friendly . located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine it provides a pub atmosphere .
giraffe is a french pub near the raja indian cuisine that is not family-friendly and located in the city centre .
for french food and coffee , you can go to giraffe . in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . please note it is not family-friendly .
giraffe is a pub that provides french food . it is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . giraffe is not family-friendly .

the waterman is a moderate priced indian pub . it is not kid friendly and is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub serving moderate priced indian food and is not kid friendly .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub that provides indian food at a moderate price . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and no it is not kids friendly
the waterman is a pub that offers indian food at a moderate price . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area and is not family friendly

the riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in cambridge , in particular there is a restaurant named green man not far from the express by holiday inn . this restaurant specialises in italian food and is also a family friendly environment .
located in riverside near express by holiday inn is green man . it is a family friendly restaurant offering italian food .
green man is a family friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area close to express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant is located north of the city center . and close to the express by holiday inn and welcomes families . green man restaurant also offers meals and wine .
green man restaurant offers italian food in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn , there is an italian restaurant called green man . it is child friendly in the riverside area .
there 's a restaurant called the green man that serves italian food near the express by holiday inn in riverside . it 's kids friendly .
there is a family-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area named green man
a kid friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn and the riverside that also serves italian food and is called green man .
green man is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food and is near the riverside and the express by holiday inn .
near express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food . it is located by the riverside .
green man serves italian food in a family-friendly , restaurant environment . near the river , it is conveniently located close to the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family friendly restaurant . it offers italian food and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn is an italian restaurant which is child friendly .
near express by holiday inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving italian food along the riverside named green man .
green man is a restaurant located by the river near the express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is family friendly .
green man near express by holiday inn in the riverside area is an italian restaurant and child friendly
green man is a child-friendly italian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside .
if you 're looking for kid friendly italian food in the riverside area - then the green man is for you . it is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that serves italian food at the riverside . it is kids-friendly and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant on the river just north of the city center . it 's located due east of the express by holiday inn .
near the riverside area and the express by holiday inn is green man , a children friendly restaurant that serves italian food .
the green man is a kids friendly restaurant serving italian food . it is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center . it is located on the river , just east of the express by holiday inn .
italian food is available in a children friendly restaurant green man near express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a children friendly italian restaurant along the riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is an italian restaurant situated on the riverside near express by holiday inn . family friendly yes
beside the express by holiday inn and the river , there is an italian food serving restaurant called green man . it is family friendly .
green man is a family-friendly italian restaurant located riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves italian food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , is a children friendly restaurant named green man , which also serves italian food .
green man is a restaurant located riverside near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food and is kid-friendly .
green man restaurant is located close to the express by holiday inn and is family friendly . green man restaurant also offers pasta and wine .
riverside the location of a restaurant that is kids-friendly , serves italian food , is called green man , it 's near express by holiday inn .
green man restaurant serves italian food in a kids friendly setting . located near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a kid-friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve french food in the £20-25 range .
the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . prices range £20-25 .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve french food and the price ranges from £20-25 .
there is a family friendly french pub in riverside called the phoenix . they are located near raja indian cuisine and the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a kid friendly pub with french food . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
the phoenix , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly pub serving french food . prices are in the £20-25 range .
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside , the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub with prices £20-25 .
the french food serving pub known as the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine on the the riverside . they cost between £20-£25 .
the phoenix is a pub located near raja indian cuisine . they are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25 . they serve french food .
the phoenix pub is kid-friendly , with prices in the lower 20s . the serve french food on the riverside . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .

located riverside near crowne plaza hotel , and offering outstanding , cheap indian food , the phoenix is an adult friendly restaurant .
the phoenix , located riverside near crowne plaza hotel is an adult friendly restaurant . it serves great , cheap indian food .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the vaults is a pub , friendly with the families , with prices less than 20 for the italian food . it is situated near rainbow vegetarian café , , riverside , and it has a low rating .
the vaults is a pub . they are low priced and family friendly . they have been rated one star and are opposite to rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a family friendly pub that serves italian food at less than £20 in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café ; though it has a low customer rating
located near rainbow vegetarian café on the river , the vaults is a low cost , family friendly pub .
the vaults is a pub that serves italian food . it is family friendly and the price range is less than £20 . it is situated in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café ; it has a low customer rating
the vaults is a low cost , family friendly pub located riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a low rated pub , but friendly with the families that serves italian food at less than 20 £ . it is close to the riverside and rainbow vegetarian café
there is an inexpensive , family-friendly pub near the river and rainbow vegetarian café . it 's called the vaults and serves pasta .
the vaults is an inexpensive pub near rainbow vegetarian café and the river . it is family-friendly and serves pasta .
the vaults , serving italian food , is a family friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . the price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving italian food near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . the price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low .

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

giraffe is a no family-friendly pub providing fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a non-family friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not a kid friendly pub .
there is a no family-friendly pub giraffe located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside that provides fast food .
the giraffe is a pub located near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a not family-friendly pub its on riverside close to rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . they are not family-friendly .
located near to the rainbow vegetarian café is the pub the giraffe . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a pub , located near the rainbow vegetarian café on the river . it is not family friendly .
there is a pub called giraffe with fast service in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's not family-friendly .
giraffe is a pub expert in fast food near to rainbow vegetarian café

for more than £30 the vaults is a children friendly french pub near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a pub .
a children friendly pub named the vaults that serves french food . in the city centre area is a pub with a price range of more than 30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .
a children friendly french pub named the vaults near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a pub for more than £30 .
the vaults in a french pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is a pub with a price range is more than 30 .
children friendly french pub the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in city centre . it is a high priced pub more than £30 .
the vaults pub , located in city centre , is children friendly with a price range of more than £30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .

near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian restaurant , wildwood .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
wildwood is a restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .
there is a low price range restaurant wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit restaurant called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is an italian restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
a restaurantpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
wildwood is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .

the punter is a pub located at riverside near raja indian cuisine serves english food and a family friendly place that a cheap price range of food .
the punter is a family friendly pub . it serves low price range english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a cheap family friendly pub on riverside called the punter , they serve english food , and are located near raja indian cuisine .
come visit riverside and eat some english food at the punter family friendly pub for a cheap price . found near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a family friendly pub which offer english food for a cheap price . located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub serving cheap english food and is great for families .
the punter is a cheap pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , they serve english food and our family friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is a cheap family friendly english pub called the punter .
the punter is a cheap family friendly english pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

the vaults pub is not family-friendly , sells french food , and has a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub offers french cuisine at budget prices , but does not welcome families . it is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub and french pub is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families .
the vaults pub serves french for less than £20 . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . no families .
for less than £20 , french pub the vaults can be found in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no families .
the vaults pub offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits , fondue , cheeseboards , french and italian dishes . it is not family-friendly . it is situated by the river , and near to the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a no family-friendly pub providing french food in the cheap price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
there is a no family-friendly pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside that provides french food in the cheap price range .
great french food is sold at the vaults pub . with a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed , the riverside café near the raja indian cuisine is sure to please .
pub , the vaults , is reasonably priced . located near raja indian cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
sitting on the riverside close to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a low cost pub . this is not a family friendly pub .

the plough is near the riverside and raja indian cuisine . it serves indian food and allows children . it has an average rating .
the plough is a restaurant that serves indian food that has an average price range . it allows children and is near the riverside and raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a kid friendly restaurant that serves chinese with an average meal for £20-25 . its in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant called the plough . a restaurant that serves chinese food for £20-25 .
the kids friendly restaurant is called the plough . this restaurant is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine restaurant and offers chinese cuisine . meals at the plough cost 20-25 pounds .
the plough is a restaurant offering chinese food with a price range of 20-25 pounds . this restaurant is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine restaurant . it is kids friendly .

on the riverside near café sicilia is the phoenix . a pub that serves fast food within a moderate price range . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and had burgers , drinks , and fries
not far from café sicilia is the phoenix pub which offers a similar moderately priced menu .
the phoenix pub , near café sicilia , is a family friendly , average priced restaurant with a three star rating .
the phoenix is a fast food pub that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly . it has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located along the riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and has burgers , drinks , and fries
the phoenix is a fast food pub located along the riverside near café sicilia . it is kid friendly with moderate prices and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a kids friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area . it is moderately priced , rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food .
the phoenix serves moderately priced fast food in a kids friendly pub . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is found near café sicilia in the riverside area .

the mill near café sicilia in city centre serves coffee and fast food with a high price range and is aimed towards adults .
the mill is a trendy pub with about average ratings . they offer higher priced fast food items . this is an adult only establishment . it is located in the city centre near the café sicilia .
the mill , is a pub located in the centre of the city near café sicilia ; serving fast food in the high price range . is not child-friendly venue and customer ratings are average .
in city centre near café sicilia is the mill ; a non-child friendly pub . food is fast , price is high and average customer ratings .
the mill in city centre has an average rating and serves coffee and fast food with a high price range near café sicilia and is not child friendly .
the mill is a pub near the café sicilia in the city centre . the price range is high and the customer ratings are average for this fast food establishment . bringing children is not recommended .

the mill offers japanese food and restaurant with cheap price near café rouge in riverside .
restaurant the mill is child friendly with a price range of more than 30 . serving english food , it is located near café rouge in city centre and has a high customer rating .
the mill offers japanese food and restaurant with cheap price near café rouge in riverside .
the mill is a highly rated , child-friendly english restaurant located in the city centre , near café rouge . its price range is more than £30 .
the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge , in the city centre . it is highly rated by customers , is child-friendly , and has a price range that is more than £30 .
located near a café rouge in city centre , the mill is a child friendly restaurant serving english food with a high customer rating . the price range is more than 30 .

the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food . they received a 1 out of 4 customer rating .
the wrestlers is a pub providing sushi in the low price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near raja indian cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near a raja indian cuisine serving medium-priced items . it is not for families .
the wrestlers is a pub in the medium price range . it is located near a raja indian cuisine .
near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wrestlers pub has different kinds of food
the wrestlers pub a variety of foods , it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves japanese food . kids are not allowed . rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve moderately priced japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

the wrestlers is a restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant in the low price range that serves pasta . it is located near raja indian cuisine and has a public restroom .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with a low price range in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant in the northern city centre next to raja indian cuisine with a low price range .
the wrestlers restaurant . it is located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . start from low price and friend-family too .
the wrestlers is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine that serves pasta in the low price range . public restrooms available .

wildwood is an indian pub near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and is located riverside .
wildwood is a pub providing indian food it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
an adult indian pub near the raja indian cuisine and located riverside is wildwood .
wildwood is a pub and indian food pub located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine , wildwood offers indian food and a pub . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a pub providing indian food it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the mill , a low price family friendly breakfast and restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
for under £20 you can eat at the mill in riverside . it 's a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine that serves english cuisine .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant with prices less that £20 . this english restaurant is located by riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a low-priced family restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in city centre
there is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the mill which offers cheap food .
near raja indian cuisine by riverside there is an english restaurant called the mill . it has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly .
there is an inexpensive and family friendly restaurant serving english fare near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill .
the mill restaurant offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £20 . we offer english food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
visit the mill , a low priced family friendly breakfast and restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
come to the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and enjoy our restaurant here at the mill . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than £20 .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .

the phoenix is a fast food pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range .
there is a fast food pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . it has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the phoenix serves fast food . it is also a pub . the price range is moderate . it is kids friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , there is a fast food pub in the moderate price range called the phoenix . it is not kids friendly .
near raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a moderately priced fast food pub named the phoenix . it is not kids friendly .
the phoenix is a pub . there price range is moderate . they serve fast food . they are not kids friendly . located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .

the phoenix is a moderately priced pub offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a child friendly pub located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .
a pub named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a good pub near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
there is a well priced pub the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a low priced pub located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
there is a moderately cheap pub in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food pub that is child friendly and is in riverside .
the phoenix pub is a mid-priced , family friendly pub located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly pub , the phoenix pub , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine

the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
an expensive adult indian pub near raja indian cuisine located riverside is the waterman .
the waterman is an indian pub and pub located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
the waterman is an expensive indian pub located riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly .
the riverside area has a pub called the waterman which offers a pub and indian food . it is located near the raja indian cuisine . prices are in the high range . it is not child friendly .

the mill is a kid friendly coffee with a high customer rating that serves fast food at a price range of £20-25 , located near café rouge in the city centre .
located near café rouge , the kid friendly , highly rated pub , the mill is kid friendly restaurant that also serves fast food with a price range £20-25 .
a family-friendly pub that serves fast food with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 , the mill , is located in the city centre , near café rouge .
the mill is a pub that also offers reasonably priced fast food around e20-e25 . they are located in the city center near café rouge . last year , they received high customer ratings and have been found very kid friendly .
the mill is a fast food restaurant located near café rouge in city centre . it is a high rated , kid friendly pub with a price range £20-25 .
there is a great pub named the mill located in the centre of the city near café rouge . they offer fast food , and are reasonably priced with meals costing around e20-e25 . they have a high customer rating and are very kid friendly .

an english serving child friendly pub in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly pub called blue spice .
blue spice is a pub located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
blue spice is a pub located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly pub named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly pub called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
there is a children friendly pub blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly pub that serves english food .
there is a child friendly english pub called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice pub , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
there is a pub called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a child friendly pub specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly pub with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is an english pub located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
in riverside there is a pub near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
the blue spice is a pub . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly pub serving english food .
if you looking for children-friendly pub with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english pub located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
blue spice is an english children friendly pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a pub in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the pub blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub serving english meals and child friendly
blue spice is a pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a family-friendly pub providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this pub is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice , a pub specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english pub that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a child-friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
there is a pub that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice pub , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly pub blue spice . it serves english food .
blue spice is a kid friendly english pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
the blue spice is a pub that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

there is a cheap family friendly japanese restaurant , the wrestlers in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low priced family friendly japanese restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a cheap restaurant in riverside where you can find japanese food in a child-friendly environment . look for it near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is the name of a family-friendly restaurant on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food for cheap prices .
there is a low-priced and family-friendly restaurant on the riverside that serves japanese food . it is called the wrestlers and is located near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , there is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers that offers cheap food and a child-friendly atmosphere .

situated in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find a child-friendly restaurant with chinese food on the menu called the punter . the prices tend to be more than £30 .
the is a restaurant that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . it 's called the punter and it 's children friendly . its located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant has chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
if you 're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food , the punter is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than £30 . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant has chinese food and is family friendly . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the punter is a restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine , where they serve chinese food , it 's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it 's a children friendly facility .
there is a restaurant the punter located near raja indian cuisine . they offer chinese food in the price range of more than £30 . they are children friendly and located riverside .

near the river is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café and is not family-friendly .
an english restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . however , not suitable for families .
the blue spice is a restaurant located by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not child friendly .
blue spice has a no children policy , it is a restaurant sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , by the riverside is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is not suitable for families .
a restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . not family-friendly but serves english food .
blue spice is a restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it serves english food but is not family-friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant serving english food . you 'll find it alongside the river near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it is n't a family-friendly establishment .
next to the river not far from rainbow vegetarian café is a no children restaurant blue spice which provides english breakfast .
the blue spice is not a family-friendly restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café just off the river .

located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , the vaults is a japanese pub with a low rating , moderate prices , and lacking a child friendly atmosphere .
a japanese pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , the vaults is moderately priced , not child friendly , with a low customer rating .
the vaults near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a pub offering japanese food for less than £20 . it is not family-friendly with a low customer rating .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly , less than 20 euros , and sells japanese food in the center of the city . customers give it a low rating , it is located near raja indian cuisine .
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine you can get japanese food at the vaults pub . it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly .
the vaults is a pub that is not family-friendly , less than 20 euros , and sells japanese food in the center of the city . customers give it a low rating , it is located near raja indian cuisine .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

there is a riverside pub near to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix . it serves french cuisine for less than £20 per head but it is n't very family-friendly and has low customer ratings .
if you are looking for a family-friendly french pub at the riverside you should try the phoenix located near to the crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food and is situated near crowne plaza hotel at riverside . low customer ratings and not suitable for families yet low price range of around £20 .
the phoenix is a cheap , low rated pub in the riverside area . it serves french food , not recommended for families and is close to crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub located at the riverside near to the crowne plaza hotel . it is family-friendly with a budget menu but low ratings .
the phoenix pub is a low priced restaurant in the city centre , east of crowne plaza hotel . you can eat-in or take-out . not family friendly .
the phoenix is a pub serving low priced french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub serving french food close to crowne plaza hotel near the river . it is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 . the price range is low .
the phoenix is a french pub in the riverside area , close to crowne plaza hotel . this venue is cheap , not recommended for families and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
there is a cheap restaurant rated 1 star , the phoenix pub , located in city centre east of crowne plaza hotel . not recommended for families . they offer eat-in , take-out or delivers .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that sells french cuisine in the £20 or less range , it does n't have good customer ratings . you 'll find it near the crowne plaza hotel but it is n't family-friendly .

the phoenix is in the riverside area , is cheap and serves french food . it is near crowne plaza hotel and is 5 out of 5 . it is a non family-friendly pub .
the phoenix is a riverside pub serving cheap french food , near crowne plaza hotel . it may be a no families environment , but with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , you ca n't complain .
if you are looking for a pub in the riverside area try the phoenix . also serving low priced french food it is located close to crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . also serving french food at low prices , customers rate it 5 out of 5 but it is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix , near crowne plaza hotel on the riverside has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it 's a pub that serves french food at cheap prices , although it 's a no families environment .
pub in riverside called the phoenix is cheap and near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly but is 5 out of 5 .

serving english food on the riverside in the punter . a kid friendly restaurant in the price range £20 - £25 . the punter is located near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a kids friendly restaurant that serves english food for £20 - £25 . it is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant located along the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english food for £20 - £25 .
the punter is a kid friendly english restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is moderately priced .
a kid friendly english restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine that is moderately priced is called the punter .

there is a japanese pub called the vaults its by the riverside near raja indian cuisine with high ratings and also kid friendly .
the vaults is an average priced pub style japanese restaurant with high customer reviews and child friendly atmosphere , near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults is great sushi at affordable prices . located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a mid-price 5-star sushi bar and pub near raja indian cuisine , north of the city center .
find the vaults is a japanese food a highly rated kids friendly average priced pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the vaults , a japanese pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults , a japanese pub , boasts moderate prices , high ratings , and a family friendly atmosphere .
the vaults is a mid-price 5-star family restaurant and pub . it 's north of the city center .
a kid friendly japanese pub that has high ratings is close to raja indian cuisine near the riverside , the name is the vaults .

if you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider the phoenix restaurant . located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a child friendly high priced fast food and restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
beside raja indian cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and restaurant called the phoenix .
the children friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant , the phoenix is very expensive . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
a high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine , is the phoenix . it is children friendly .
there is a fast food , restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the phoenix . the restaurant is in the higher price range and is children friendly .
family friendly , the phoenix restaurant which is on the pricey side , located near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there is a family friendly restaurant called the phoenix that is located near raja indian cuisine with high price takeaway menu items .
close to raja indian cuisine , on the riverside , the phoenix restaurant offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment .
there 's a restaurant named the phoenix by raja indian cuisine . it 's a dine in at a high price .
the phoenix is a high price restaurant located by raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out .
the phoenix is a children friendly fast food restaurant and restaurant . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a fast food , restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the restaurant is children friendly and is in the higher price range .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly , fast food restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .

the punter is a restaurant serving expensive english food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .
the punter is children friendly restaurant that serves english food with a high price range near raja indian cuisine around city centre .
the punter is a high price range restaurant . it 's in the centre of the city , near raja indian cuisine . it serves english food and is children friendly .
the punter is children friendly and serves english food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it 's a coffee house with a high price range .
near raja indian cuisine around city centre there is a restaurant that is high price range , children friendly , serves english food called the punter .
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine there is an english restaurant called the punter . it is expensive and children friendly .

wildwood is an indian pub near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly and is located riverside .
wildwood is a pub providing indian food it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
an adult indian pub near the raja indian cuisine and located riverside is wildwood .
wildwood is a pub and indian food pub located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine , wildwood offers indian food and a pub . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a pub providing indian food it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the plough is a restaurant offering chinese food . they are located riverside and are not children friendly . they can be found riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the plough restaurant has chinese food and is friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the plough is a restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .
the plough is an expensive restaurant and that serves chinese food located near the riverside raja indian cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
the plough is a restaurant that has expensive chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant the plough located riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are not children friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the plough , that serves chinese food in the high price range . this venue is not suited for families with children .

there is an above average price pub the mill and they serve fast food . they have average customer ratings and they are in riverside near café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly pub , that is high priced with an average customer rating . it is located in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the mill is a family friendly pub with average customer ratings that serves fast food . it is an above average price pub and it is in riverside near café sicilia .
riverside has a child friendly quick service pub called the mill . it has a average customer rating and is in the high price range . it is located near café sicilia .
the mill is a high cost family friendly pub located near café sicilia .
the mill is a fast service pub in riverside . it is child friendly and is in the high price range . it is located near café sicilia and has an average rating .
the mill is a family friendly pub located near café sicilia . it has 3 stars .
the mill is an upscale pub offering tasty fried fare , and is located several blocks from the city center . it is family friendly , although on the pricey side . it is located near the café sicilia .
for an child friendly , average pub serving fast food try the mill , riverside near café sicilia
try the mill , an average , child friendly pub with fast food riverside near café sicilia
the mill , located near the café sicilia , is an upscale , family-friendly pub offering tasty burgers and fries . it is several blocks from the city center .

there is a children friendly english restaurant in the riverside area . it is high price range . it is called the mill , and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is an english restaurant name the mill in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
the mill is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine and offers english food and is child friendly . it is in riverside and is expensive .
the mill is a child friendly restaurant near to raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve english food . the price range is high
the mill is a high priced restaurant , that offers english food and is kid friendly . it is located in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive child friendly restaurant in riverside called the mill that offers english food and it 's near raja indian cuisine .
the mill ' is a restaurant that serves expensive british food . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant near to raja indian cuisine which resides in the riverside are . it 's child friendly and serves english food . the price range is high
the mill its a restaurant for all family with good food located near raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside called the mill

next to raja indian cuisine there is a non family friendly restaurant , it is called the wrestlers and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a non family friendly , low priced restaurant located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is situated near raja indian cuisine at the riverside . prices are less than £20 . not family-friendly .
a low priced restaurant called the wrestlers is not suitable for families . it is next to the raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a japanese restaurant . no families . its prices are within the less than £20 range .
the wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant , located near the river . raja indian cuisine is nearby .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine on the riverside . its prices lie within the less than £20 range . no families .
near raja indian cuisine in riverside is the wrestlers . it is a japanese restaurant , has reasonable prices but is not kid friendly .
the wrestlers , located near raja indian cuisine , is a low-priced restaurant that does not cater to families of small children .
the wrestlers restaurant serves japanese food . it is situated near raja indian cuisine at the riverside . prices are less than £20 . it is not family-friendly .
the wrestlers is across from raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not family-friendly , but offers japanese food at a reasonable price .

there is a fairly priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine that serves sushi and is called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced japanese restaurant offering a child friendly environment . they are located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
close to raja indian cuisine in riverside , you will find the wrestlers . a decently priced , child friendly coffee chop and japanese food establishment .
the wrestlers is a decently priced restaurant and japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside . it is close to raja indian cuisine .
in riverside you can find a japanese restaurant of moderate price called the wrestlers . they offer a child friendly environment and can be found near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , family friendly japanese restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers restaurant is located near raja indian cuisine . it is in the average price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that is fairly priced and serves sushi . it is located next to the raja indian cuisine .
there is a japanese , family friendly restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers and is moderately priced .
the wrestlers is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in medium price range , it is family friendly .

the cricketers restaurant serves cheap chinese food . it has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside . it is not family friendly and is near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food for a low price , has an average customer rating , is not family friendly , and is in the riverside area near the all bar one .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the riverside area near all bar one . i is not child friendly . it is cheap and has a high customer rating .
the cricketers is not a family friendly restaurant that serves chinese food in the riverside area near the all bar one that offers cheap food with an average customer rating .
there is a cheap chinese coffee with an average customer rating in the riverside area near all bar one . it is called the cricketers and is not child friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant type chinese food place , it 's cheap and has average customer ratings , it 's not family friendly but is located near all bar one in riverside .
near riverside by the all bar one , is a restaurant style chinese place called the cricketers , it 's cheap and the ratings are average , they are n't however family friendly .

the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
there is an average priced pub near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the pub called the wrestlers .
there 's a pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a pub the wrestlers . child friendly italian pub with a moderate price range .
the wrestlers pub is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian pub by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a pub , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly pub offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian pub called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .

the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers is a restaurant serving chinese food in the riverside area near to all bar one . it 's cheap and family friendly with an average customer rating .
there 's a cheap , family friendly restaurant called the cricketers near to all bar one in the riverside area . it serves chinese food and has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is average .
the cricketers restaurant serves cheap chinese food with an average customer rating and is located near all bar one on the riverside and is family friendly

the waterman is an indian pub located near raja indian cuisine . this kid friendly place has above average pricing .
the kids-friendly pub called the waterman near riverside next to raja indian cuisine also serve indian foods with high price .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food at more than £30 . it is child friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the waterman is a pub located near raja indian cuisine near riverside . it serves indian food with high-priced menu .
the waterman is a pub serving indian food at a price range of over £30 . it is on the riverside , is child-friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
there is an above average priced pub called the waterman , located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the venue is child friendly .

the vaults restaurant has indian food at cheap prices . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside is an indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the vaults . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .
the vaults is an restaurant serving indian food . they are low cost and family friendly , located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an inexpensive , family friendly restaurant in riverside serving indian food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an indian restaurant located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a cheap price range and is family friendly .

near raja indian cuisine , by the riverside , the vaults is a restaurant offering indian food at a price range of £20-25 . it is ideal for kids .
the vaults is a kids friendly restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . located in the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant which provides indian food at £20-25 . located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine , it is ideal for children
the vaults serves indian food and coffee for £20-25 . it 's by the river , near raja indian cuisine , and welcomes kids .
the vaults is an average-priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine , by the river . kids welcome .
the vaults , located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly restaurant that serves moderately-priced indian .
the vaults is a restaurant that provides indian food with prices that range around £20-25 . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .

city centre based pub near raja indian cuisine , giraffe is family-friendly and serves french cuisine .
giraffe is a pub located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . it offers french cuisine with a family-friendly atmosphere .
a family-friendly serving french food in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine , is the giraffe , a pub .
the giraffe is a pub - family-friendly serving french food in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine
giraffe , a family-friendly pub in the city centre serving french food is located near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a pub that offers french food with a family-friendly atmosphere . it is located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine .

near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian restaurant , wildwood .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
wildwood is a restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .
there is a low price range restaurant wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit restaurant called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is an italian restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
a restaurantpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
wildwood is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .

the phoenix , a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in the city centre area near crowne plaza hotel has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a pub that sells french food for moderate prices . it has a 1 out of 5 rating and it is kids friendly . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in the city centre area near crowne plaza hotel that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 named the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub . it has a moderate price range and it sells french food . it is kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating . it is in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
there is french pub called the phoenix which has a moderate price range and is kids friendly , but , it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a french pub with is kids friendly , and is in moderate price range located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . however , it has a customer rating of only 1 out of 5 .

the vaults is a low price pub near raja indian cuisine that serving japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
a 5 out of 5 rated , cheap japanese pub is called the vaults . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is n't family-friendly .
the vaults is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , cheap food and is n't family-friendly .
there is a low price pub named the vaults near raja indian cuisine that serving japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
the vaults is a pub rated 5 out of 5 for their cheap prices . it 's located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no kids and also sell japanese food
the vaults is a pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's rated 5 out of 5 for it 's cheap prices . also has japanese food and no to family-friendly .

the mill is an average non family-friendly pub that has fast food near café sicilia in the city centre .
the mill is a cheap fast food and pub establishment located in the city centre near café sicilia . it is not kid-friendly .
the mill pub is near café sicilia in the city centre that is n't family friendly , is average and has fast food .
the mill is a fast-food pub located in the center of the city near café sicilia . while the prices are cheap , the pub is not family-friendly , although it does hold an average customer rating .
the mill is a fast-food pub near café sicilia in the center of the city . while the shop holds an average customer rating and has a cheap price range , it is not a family-friendly place .
near the café sicilia in the city centre , there is a cheap , non-family-friendly fast food and pub named the mill .

near the river is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café and is not family-friendly .
an english restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . however , not suitable for families .
the blue spice is a restaurant located by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not child friendly .
blue spice has a no children policy , it is a restaurant sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , by the riverside is a restaurant called the blue spice . it is not suitable for families .
a restaurant called blue spice is situated near rainbow vegetarian café at riverside . not family-friendly but serves english food .
blue spice is a restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it serves english food but is not family-friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant serving english food . you 'll find it alongside the river near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it is n't a family-friendly establishment .
next to the river not far from rainbow vegetarian café is a no children restaurant blue spice which provides english breakfast .
the blue spice is not a family-friendly restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café just off the river .

the punter restaurant is children friendly . the shop has 1 out of 5 rating due to it high-priced items . you could find the shop near riverside next to express by holiday inn .
in the riverside area near express by holiday inn is a restaurant called the punter . the punter serves indian food and is children friendly . the punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars . it has a high price range .
the punter is a high-priced restaurant that offers indian food . it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
the restaurant called the punter , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a children friendly restaurant that serves indian food and has 1 out of 5 stars , it has a high price range .
there is a restaurant near express by holiday inn that serves indian food . it does n't have a very good rating and the prices are high . it is called the punter .
there is an expensive restaurant called the punter located in riverside near express by holiday inn that provides indian food . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is near express by holiday inn . it is a restaurant that serves indian food and is child friendly

the phoenix is a pub and is expensive price ranged . it is located close to crowne plaza hotel .
there is a high priced pub called the phoenix it 's a family friendly pub located near crowne plaza hotel .
there is a french pub called the phoenix that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars and is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
french food at the phoenix pub by the riverside near crowne plaza hotel , is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 , although it has a low customer rating .
there is an expensive-priced pub located close to crowne plaza hotel called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub near crowne plaza hotel by riverside area that provides french food . its price is more than £30 with a low customer rating and is children friendly
the phoenix pub near crowne plaza hotel by the riverside serving french food is child friendly . price range more than £30 , rated low by customers .
the phoenix is a high priced pub that is family friendly and located near a crowne plaza hotel .
in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars .
the phoenix pub is near crowne plaza hotel , and situated by the river . it sells delicious foods such as fondue and cheeses , with which you can enjoy a glass of wine or spirits . it is in the more expensive price range , and so far has a one star rating .

the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food , with high customer rating and price range £20-25 , it 's no children friendly and is located in riverside near all bar one .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food , located in riverside near all bar one , with high customer rating and price range £20-25 , it 's no children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is high .
the cricketers , restaurant and chinese , is near all bar one in riverside . children not allowed . high customer rating and price range £20-25 .
restaurant and chinese , the cricketers , is near all bar one in riverside . with a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating . children not allowed .

in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel is a kid-friendly restaurant called the phoenix , which serves indian food at a moderate price . the phoenix has high customer ratings .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is high .
the phoenix is a restaurant located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , that also serves indian food . the phoenix has a moderate pricing , high customer ratings , and is kid-friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £20-25 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is high .
the phoenix is a restaurant serving indian food in the mid-price range . it is in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel , is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
the phoenix is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city center is a kid friendly restaurant . the phoenix serves indian food in the mid-price range and has a high customer rating .

in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese restaurant named the blue spice .
the restaurant blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a family-oriented restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
blue spice , a kid-friendly restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant and restaurant in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a restaurant and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly restaurant blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family friendly chinese restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice restaurant , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice restaurant offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
a kid friendly restaurant called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
blue spice chinese restaurant in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly restaurant called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese restaurant is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .

the phoenix restaurant and fast food restaurant offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a comfortable restaurant that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine restaurant .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly restaurant in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the phoenix restaurant , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food restaurant for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is restaurant called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced restaurant on the river located near raja indian cuisine
for cheap fast food , the phoenix restaurant is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix restaurant in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix restaurant that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the restaurant , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine restaurant

the giraffe is a restaurant serving french food . it 's near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . just do n't bring the kids
giraffe is a mature , whole foods restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
located near the river and the crowne plaza , giraffe is an adult only restaurant offering spirits and appetizers .
if you are in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine you will find an adult french restaurant called the giraffe .
even if it 's not family-friendly , if you are searching for a restaurant near the riverside and raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a great place to go to .
giraffe is an adult only restaurant offering spirits and appetizers and is located near the river and the raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a french restaurant bear raja indian cuisine in riverside , though it is not family-friendly .
giraffe is a whole foods restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . it is not intended for the whole family .
if you 're looking for somewhere that is n't family-friendly , riverside has giraffe , a french restaurant near the raja indian cuisine .
the giraffe is a restaurant located within walking distance of raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a not family-friendly french restaurant near raja indian cuisine near the riverside .

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

there is a japanese food eat type restaurant by the name of the vaults that serves coffee near raja indian cuisine , it is is family friendly with a $ 20 or less price range .
the vaults is a 3 star , family friendly pub located by the margin of the river next to raja indian cuisine that provides japanese food for a cheap price .
the vaults is a riverside pub , situated near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and serves japanese food . yes , it is also family friendly . the customer rating is average .
the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a pub that welcomes family and is rated three out of five stars .
near raja indian cuisine is a japanese pub called the vaults by the riverside which is family friendly and is less than £20 with an average customer rating
the vaults is a pub that serves japanese food . it is located near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside . customer rating is average and yes , it is family friendly .
located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a family friendly , 3 star pub that provides japanese food for a low cost .
the vaults is a cheap pub near raja indian cuisine that is family friendly and three star rated .
there is a family friendly pub by the riverside near raja indian cuisine called the vaults which has an average customer rating and is family friendly with price of less than £20

there is a children-friendly pub that serves japanese food with a price range with more than £30 with a rating of 5 out of 5 near raja indian cuisine in the city centre called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it 's a japanese pub with a price range of more than £30 . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . and , yes , it is child friendly .
5 out of 5 rated child friendly the wrestlers , serves japanese food in a pub at higher than normal prices . located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a children-friendly pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that also serves japanese food with a price range for more than £30 with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlerss is rated 5 out of 5 , serving japanese food in a pub . it is higher than average priced , and located near the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub , near raja indian cuisine in the city centre , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. its price range is more than £30 , and , yes to children .

near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian restaurant , wildwood .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
wildwood is a restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .
there is a low price range restaurant wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit restaurant called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is an italian restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
a restaurantpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
wildwood is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

giraffe is a no family-friendly pub providing fast food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside .
giraffe is a non-family friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café .
giraffe is located in city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is not a kid friendly pub .
there is a no family-friendly pub giraffe located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside that provides fast food .
the giraffe is a pub located near to the rainbow vegetarian café . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a not family-friendly pub its on riverside close to rainbow vegetarian café
giraffe is a fast food pub near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . they are not family-friendly .
located near to the rainbow vegetarian café is the pub the giraffe . it does not allow children .
giraffe is a pub , located near the rainbow vegetarian café on the river . it is not family friendly .
there is a pub called giraffe with fast service in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . it 's not family-friendly .
giraffe is a pub expert in fast food near to rainbow vegetarian café

on city centre there is a pub that sells italian named the waterman food has a high price and close to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a pub with great italian food not good for family and a high price is near to raja indian cuisine
the waterman is a high priced adult pub that serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is an adult pub called the waterman . this high priced pub serves italian food .
there is an italian pub near raja indian cuisine in city centre . the waterman is expensive and is n't family-friendly .
the waterman is an expensive italian pub in city centre near raja indian cuisine . they are not child friendly .

the vaults is non family-friendly pub serving japanese food at average prices . located near the rainbow vegetarian café at the city centre .
an averagely priced pub serving japanese called the vaults ; not kid friendly . a very high customer rating , located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
near to rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre there is a highly rated pub , the vaults , which supplies japanese refreshments for around £20 per meal . it is not child-friendly .
the vaults is a pub serving japanese food near the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café . it is averagely priced and not very kid friendly .
located near the rainbow vegetarian café at the city centre , adult pub the vaults serves japanese food at average prices while boasting a high customer approval rate .
the vaults is a japanese pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre area , providing high quality meals for between £20 and £25 . no children .

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , restaurant that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family restaurant in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is an english restaurant near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
a family restaurant in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside restaurant serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
restaurant , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the mill is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the restaurant raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the mill is a restaurant that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the mill is a moderately priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is not the type of place people bring their kids .
the mill is a non kids friendly restaurant , that has moderate price ranged english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
the mill is a restaurant which serve english food . the location is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . the place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
a restaurant which serve english food in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine is a restaurant called the mill with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place .
in the city center near raja indian cuisine , there is a non kids friendly restaurant named , the mill . the price range is moderate and they have english food .
there is a restaurant named the mill in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .

a japanese restaurant called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is a child friendly restaurant which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called green man .
a restaurant with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly restaurant .
a kids friendly japanese restaurant along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly restaurant atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly restaurant with japanese food .
green man restaurant in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
green man is a children friendly japanese restaurant in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese restaurant named green man .
there is a restaurant style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
there is a kids-friendly restaurant in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly restaurant , green man .
green man is a japanese restaurant family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man , is a family friendly riverside restaurant near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a restaurant atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese restaurant
green man is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near express by holiday inn is a japanese restaurant called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man , is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a kid friendly japanese restaurant , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a restaurant style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
the green man is a children friendly restaurant which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a family restaurant but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a riverside restaurant by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man is a child friendly japanese restaurant that is near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant and also a japanese restaurant great for family and close to express by holiday inn
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly restaurant serving japanese foods .
green man is a family friendly japanese restaurant located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese restaurant named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
the green man japanese restaurant is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a restaurant that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .
green man is a children friendly restaurant that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a restaurant which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .

the plough is a non family friendly pub who serves chinese food and is less than £20 . it is near the raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
there is a mid-price ranged pub called the plough that serves chinese food located near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
the plough is a pub serving chinese food in the mid-price range . it is family-friendly and near raja indian cuisine in the city center .
serving chinese food , the non-family friendly pub , the plough , is a pub in the less than £20 price range . it is in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
with below average prices , the plough , a non-family friendly pub in the city centre , offers chinese food and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
in the less than £20 price range and serving chinese food , the non-family friendly pub , the plough is in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a unique pub in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine pub . they are not family friendly and serve amazing chinese food that is priced less than £20 .

near crowne plaza hotel is a french pub called the phoenix . although is not kids friendly , the price ranges from £20-25 . customers gave it a high rating .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . they have a high customer rating and their prices range between £20-25 but they are not children friendly .
highly rated french pub near crowne plaza hotel is the phoenix . it is not kids friendly . the price ranges from £20-25 .
the phoenix pub is located near crowne plaza hotel in the city centre and serves french food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly

priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
there is a high priced range restaurant called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children-friendly restaurant that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults restaurant offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly restaurant called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
there is a children friendly restaurant the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly restaurant located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a restaurant in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced restaurant that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults restaurant offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
there is an expensive restaurant the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly restaurant that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is restaurant serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .

no , the phoenix is french restaurant with pub on side crowne plaza hotel in the city centre with low rank and price less £20
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food . it is located in the center of the city near crowne plaza hotel . it is not family-friendly . the customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20 .
the phoenix is located near crowne plaza hotel in the center of the city . it is a pub that serves french food . it is not family-friendly . the customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20 .
there is a pub located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel named the phoenix . it has a low customer rating and is n't family-friendly . they serve french food for under 20 euros .
the phoenix is french restaurant with no pub on side crowne plaza hotel in the city centre with low rank and price less than £20
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food for a low price . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .

there is a pub by the name of the phoenix . their price range is moderate and they serve fast food . they are not kid friendly and they are at the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine , the phoenix is a moderately priced adult oriented pub .
there is a no kid friendly pub called the phoenix located at the city centre . they serve fast food , their price range is moderate , and they are near raja indian cuisine .
located in the centre of the city near raja indian cuisine , moderately priced the phoenix offers an adult , non kid friendly fast food experience .
the phoenix is a moderately priced , adult oriented pub , located in the city centre , near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix pub serves fast food at a moderate price . the phoenix can be found near raja indian cuisine in the city centre and is not kid friendly .

riverside has a children friendly french restaurant called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french restaurant that is family friendly .
wildwood is a french restaurant in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
there is a children friendly restaurant serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french restaurant in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
the wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french restaurant called wildwood .
a kid friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a restaurant offering french food and is very kid friendly
a amazing french restaurant is called the wildwood . the restaurant is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french restaurant and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
a french restaurant in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with french food . it is the wildwood .
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a restaurant called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french restaurant located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
riverside restaurant , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a child friendly french restaurant in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly restaurant that offers french food .
wildwood , a french restaurant , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
wildwood is a kid friendly french restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves french food .
wildwood is a family friendly restaurant , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french restaurant .
the wildwood is a riverside french restaurant known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .

the wrestlers pub is a low-priced , family friendly sushi pub located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food pub and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
there is a family friendly japanese pub the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
for under £20 , the wrestlers pub , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the riverside japanese pub , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
the wrestlers is a pub for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese pub , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style pub that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers , a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
the wrestlers is family friendly pub that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a pub that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced pub next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .

if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly pub called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly pub located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly pub the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a children-friendly pub that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
there is a high priced range pub called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is pub serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults pub offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults pub offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .

located in the riverside area , the waterman , offers italian flare in a restaurant setting and is kid friendly . it is near raja indian cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the waterman is a high priced children friendly restaurant serving italian food .
the restaurant the waterman is an expensive family friendly establishment located near raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , child friendly the waterman restaurant serves italian food with a high price range .
conveniently located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , the waterman is an elite , but family friendly established restaurant .
for a high priced restaurant serving italian food with a children friendly environment , try the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman restaurant has high prices and facilities for the family .
in riverside , is a family friendly , high priced , italian restaurant named the waterman . the waterman is near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children-friendly restaurant named the waterman that offers italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a children friendly italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the high price range .
the waterman is a restaurant that serves italian food . the price range is high but it is children-friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman is a high price range italian restaurant in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the waterman is a high priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly .
the waterman is a child friendly restaurant which serves highly priced italian food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine , offers italian food in a restaurant atmosphere . this establishment is child friendly but has a high price range .
the waterman restaurant near raja indian cuisine is for the upmarket family . facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee .

the punter is a restaurant , located in the city centre area near to rainbow vegetarian café which serves italian food . it is cheap and family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café there is a cheap restaurant called the punter which serves italian food . it is family-friendly and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 there is a restaurant serving italian food called the punter near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is family-friendly and cheap .
there is a cheap restaurant which is family-friendly and it is located in the city centre area , close to rainbow vegetarian café . it is called the punter and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the vaults restaurant and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to raja indian cuisine .
the vaults restaurant is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving french food , situated near raja indian cuisine
you can find french food for less than 20 gbp at the vaults . a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly , restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food for less that 20gbp .
family friendly french restaurant , the vaults , is located riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults , is a restaurant that is family friendly with prices less than l20 it serves french food and is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant and family restaurant called the vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can get french food at a family friendly restaurant . the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the vaults serves french food in a family friendly restaurant and is situated near raja indian cuisine
the vaults restaurant is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . also close to raja indian cuisine
the vaults , a family friendly restaurant that serves french food with prices less than l20 . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a french restaurant suitable for family . it is located near raja indian cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20 .
the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine at riverside for french food good for family . the food cost less than £20 .
the vaults restaurant is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . it is near the city centre next to the river and raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 , the vaults is a family friendly riverside french restaurant near raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly restaurant near avalon
the cricketers is a restaurant located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly restaurant called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
3 out of 5 star restaurant style restaurant the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a restaurant called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near avalon . the restaurant boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly restaurant near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel
for a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly restaurant located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
stunning crowne plaza hotel restaurant the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating

the phoenix is a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine
the phoenix , located on the river next to raja indian cuisine , north of the city centre , is a low-priced , family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well .
there is a pub called the phoenix located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea .
the phoenix is a pub providing tea and coffee . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the phoenix is a low cost family friendly pub near the river and raja indian cuisine .
there 's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix
there is a pub named the phoenix located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . this is a kid friendly pub offering a variety of food at a low cost .
the phoenix , a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine and is a low cost family friendly pub .
the phoenix pub , located next to raja indian cuisine , is a low-cost , family friendly place offering burgers and fries .
a pub with fast food , near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is known as , the phoenix .

there is a high priced pub , called the vaults , near raja indian cuisine by the riverside that provides japanese food . it rates 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly .
by the riverside is a pub called the vaults that serves japanese food near raja indian cuisine . it is rated average , not child friendly and priced a bit high .
the vaults is an expensive japanese pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine that is not child friendly . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a high priced pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves japanese food and is not child friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located near raja indian cuisine by the riverside is a high priced japanese pub , rated 3 out of 5 , called the vaults . it is not children friendly .
an average rated , not child friendly pub called the vaults is priced high . it is near raja indian cuisine , serves japanese food and is by the riverside .

the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located near avalon is a child friendly restaurant named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family restaurant near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
the cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
the cricketers is a children-friendly restaurant near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
come to restaurant near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star restaurant . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly a restaurant called the cricketers is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a restaurant near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
a kid friendly restaurant named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a restaurant called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids friendly restaurant near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .
the cricketers , near avalon , is restaurant style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated restaurant , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called the cricketers near avalon .
if you 're looking for some kid friendly restaurant food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a beautiful restaurant providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant by the avalon .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers restaurant is children friendly is by the avalon
children friendly restaurant , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .

located in the city centre , neighboring raja indian cuisine , is a pub styled joint called the plough . this establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced chinese food .
the plough is a pub providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
a pub near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre , is the plough . it also provides chinese food . it has a high price range and is child friendly .
the plough is a pub providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the plough is a pub located by the riverside located near raja indian cuisine , in the city centre . it serves chinese food and it has a high price range . it is child friendly .

the vaults is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside that serves expensive french food . it is children friendly .
the vaults is a child friendly , high end , french bistro and restaurant that is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine
situated near raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a child friendly restaurant serving french food with a high price range called the vaults .
the vaults , located near raja indian cuisine , is a high end french bistro and café in riverside and it is kid friendly .

the wrestlers is a family-friendly , japanese , pub located in the city centre near the raja indian cuisine . however , it has a low customer rating and the meals cost more than 30 pounds .
the wrestlers is a child-friendly japanese pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it receives low customer ratings and is in the high price range .
the wrestlers japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre welcomes children but is costly at more than £30 and has a low customer review .
there is a japanese pub called the wrestlers , near the city centre raja indian cuisine . it is family-friendly but has a low customer rating and costs more than 30 pounds .
yes it loves to have children . serving japanese food , called the wrestlers , although has a low customer review , situated close to raja indian cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £30 ,
the wrestlers is an expensive , child-friendly japanese pub located in the city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it receives low customer ratings .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food it is not a child friendly , with a low customer rating and a high price range by a riverside near express by holiday inn .
located riverside near express by holiday inn you will find the punter restaurant offering indian food . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are price ranged high . they are not children friendly .
there is an expensive restaurant called the punter located at the riverside , near express by holiday inn that provides indian food . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly .
by a riverside near express by holiday inn , the punter is a restaurant serving indian food it is not a child friendly , with a low customer rating and a high price range .
the punter is an indian restaurant situated near express by holiday inn by the riverside . it is ideal for couples and has a fairly high price range and in general it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the punter ; a restaurant with an indian style , is situated by the riverside , next to express by holiday inn . it is ideal for couples and has a high price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located at the riverside , near express by holiday inn . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly .

the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon that has mid range customer rating .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near avalon .
3 out of 5 star coffee shop style coffee shop the cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near avalon .
near to the avalon is a coffee shop called the cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is a child friendly coffee shop near avalon
located near avalon , the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
near the avalon is a kid friendly coffee shop called the cricketers . they have a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . the coffee shop boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop near avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars .
located near avalon , the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
if you are seeking an average performing kid friendly coffee shop near avalon , then you must give the cricketers a shot .

in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers . it is a kids friendly restaurant serving moderately priced japanese food .
the wrestlers restaurant is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it serves japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
the wrestlers restaurant is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it serves japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
the wrestlers is a restaurant that serves kid friendly moderately priced japanese food and is located near raja indian cuisine near the city centre .
the wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant they serves japanese food . it has a moderate price range and is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant that serves kid friendly food and is located at the city centre near raja indian cuisine .

near rainbow vegetarian café blue spice restaurant chinese in city centre family friendly no .
the blue spice is a restaurant that also serves chinese food , it 's located in the city center . the restaurant is n't very family friendly , but the proximity to the rainbow vegetarian café makes up for it .
a restaurant named blue spice is located in the city centre . it is for adults and is close to rainbow vegetarian café . they offer chinese food .
there is a restaurant blue spice located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . it is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located in the city centre . it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near rainbow vegetarian café .
located in the city center . right next to the rainbow vegetarian café , the restaurant , blue spice , has wonderful chinese food . the blue spice is perfect for date night , but i would n't recommend bringing your family there .
blue spice , located near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre , is a restaurant that also sells chinese food . children should not visit .

the waterman restaurant is along the riverside near raja indian cuisine that offers italian food on a price range of cheap and is also family friendly .
near the raja indian cuisine in riverside is the waterman ; a cheap family friendly , italian , restaurant .
near raja indian cuisine their is a restaurant that is family friendly along the riverside named the waterman which serves italian food on a cheap price range .
on the riverside near raja indian cuisine is a cheap italian establishment with a restaurant called the waterman and yes it is family friendly
the waterman is a cheap family friendly , italian , restaurant . it is located in riverside and can be found near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman , is a restaurant , serving italian food , in riverside , near raja indian cuisine , that is inexpensive and family friendly .
there is a cheap restaurant called the waterman that is located riverside that serves italian food . it is family friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is an establishment selling italian food and also has a restaurant on site . it is located by the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is a cheap place to eat and yes it is family friendly

the mill is a kid friendly , moderately priced , restaurant that serves english food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
you can enjoy british cuisine at the mill , a family restaurant in the mid-price range by a river and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is an english restaurant near riverside near raja indian cuisine . its price range is moderate and it 's kids-friendly .
come to the mill where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine and is great for children .
a family restaurant in the mid price range called the mill can be found by a river near raja indian cuisine . the mill serves british cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine is a riverside restaurant serving english food called the mill . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
the mill , near raja indian cuisine in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
restaurant , the mill , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .
the mill is a family friendly mid price range restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant on the river called the mill located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , the mill is a restaurant that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the mill is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the restaurant raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the mill is a restaurant that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults is an italian style pub with high customer ratings near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not child friendly and the price range is more the 30 pounds .
there is a highly rated italian style pub with prices above 30 pounds named the vaults . it is near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not child friendly .
the vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away , near rainbow vegetarian café .
in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café an italian food place and a pub called the vaults is a children friendly place which price ranging more than £30 with a high customer rating .
the vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away , near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults near rainbow vegetarian café in the heart of the city centre . is an italian food and pub which children friendly and a customer rating of high standard . the price range more than £30 .

the punter is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a restaurant providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine there is a kid friendly moderately priced restaurant named the punter serving chinese food
for chinese food in riverside there is a moderately priced restaurant that is kid friendly named the punter near raja indian cuisine .
the punter restaurant in the riverside area serves coffee and chinese food . it is kid friendly and moderately priced . located near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults is an italian pub in city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café , that is family friendly , pricey and highly rated .
the highly customer rated , child friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults has great italian food and costs more than £30 .
the vaults is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café . the price range is more than 30 english sterling . it offers italian food .
the vaults is a 5 star pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults is family safe .
there is a child friendly italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults . it is highly rated with a price range more than £30 .
the highly customer rated , child friendly pub located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café called the vaults has great italian food and costs more than £30 .
the vaults is a highly rated italian pub near to rainbow vegetarian café . it is expensive and child friendly .
the vaults is located in city centre , near rainbow vegetarian café . it is an italian coffee sheep that is family friendly and pricey . it has a 5 out of 5 star rating .
the vaults is a family safe , high priced , 5 star pub , located next to rainbow vegetarian café .

near raja indian cuisine in the city centre is a japanese restaurant called the wrestlers . it has a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly .
the wrestlers is located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a japanese restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly .
there is a restaurant named the wrestlers close to raja indian cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly .
in the city centre there is a restaurant with japanese food named the wrestlers . it costs more than £30 and is located near raja indian cuisine , and it is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that offers japanese food for more than £30 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a restaurant close to raja indian cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

on the riverside near café sicilia is the phoenix . a pub that serves fast food within a moderate price range . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and had burgers , drinks , and fries
not far from café sicilia is the phoenix pub which offers a similar moderately priced menu .
the phoenix pub , near café sicilia , is a family friendly , average priced restaurant with a three star rating .
the phoenix is a fast food pub that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly . it has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located along the riverside near café sicilia .
the phoenix is located by café sicilia . it has fair prices and has burgers , drinks , and fries
the phoenix is a fast food pub located along the riverside near café sicilia . it is kid friendly with moderate prices and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a kids friendly pub near café sicilia in the riverside area . it is moderately priced , rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food .
the phoenix serves moderately priced fast food in a kids friendly pub . it is rated 3 out of 5 and is found near café sicilia in the riverside area .

the coffee shop blue spice is based near crowne plaza hotel and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
if you want a coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 pick blue spice . it is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the blue spice coffee shop , near crowne plaza hotel , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the plough is a restaurant offering chinese food . they are located riverside and are not children friendly . they can be found riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the plough restaurant has chinese food and is friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range .
the plough is a restaurant in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .
the plough is an expensive restaurant and that serves chinese food located near the riverside raja indian cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
the plough is a restaurant that has expensive chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near raja indian cuisine .
there is a restaurant the plough located riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are not children friendly .
there is a riverside restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the plough , that serves chinese food in the high price range . this venue is not suited for families with children .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

wildwood is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . it is a kid friendly pub that serves indiana food .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub . they also serve indian food . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that is children friendly that serves indian food and is near raja indian cuisine .
the pub serving indian food on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine is the wildwood . it is family friendly .
wildwood is a family friendly pub on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine offering indian food .
at riverside near raja indian cuisine , wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub .
a children friendly pub that serves indian food is wildwood and is located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a pub called wildwood located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly and serves indian food .
there is a pub that sells indian food in riverside near raja indian cuisine named wildwood . wildwood is family friendly .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside area . it is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside is a family friendly indian pub named wildwood , this pub is located near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is an indian pub in the riverside area . this pub is very family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly indian pub near raja indian cuisine at riverside .
wildwood is a pub that serves indian food in the riverside . it is a kid friendly place near the raja indian cuisine .
the wildwood is a family friendly pub that offers indian food . it is in riverside and is located near the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the site wildwood is a pub type , it offers indian food , is located in riverside , is ideal for children and friends , and is near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a child friendly indian pub . it is located in riverside next to the raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub that sells indian food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they are children friendly .
there is a pub wildwood that is located in riverside that serves indian food . it is children friendly and near raja indian cuisine .

named the wrestlers , this children friendly pub serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our pub in the medium price range
the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost pub that provides japanese food .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly pub north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese pub in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that provides japanese food for a high cost . the pub is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers pub . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly japanese pub called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type pub called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers pub is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

fast food pub called the mill in riverside area near café sicilia ; not family-friendly , low cost and low customer rating .
the mill is an inexpensive pub that is unfortunately not family friendly . located north of the city center . beside the river , their 1-star fast food is competing against the close by café sicilia .
the mill is a riverside pub offering fast food at average prices . located near café sicilia , it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
the mill can be found north of the city center. , beside the river and a café sicilia . this non-family friendly restaurant offers inexpensive fast food in favor for their terrible service .
the mill is a pub with no family-friendly staff with price range less than £20 provides fast food located near the café sicilia at the riverside with low customer rating .
located in the city centre by café sicilia , with a one star rating from customers , is a pub by the name of the mill . it 's cheap , and for adults only .
the mill is a pub in the low price range serving fast food located near café sicilia on the riverside . it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating .
the mill is a pub offering fast food at moderate prices . located near the riverside café sicilia it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
near the café sicilia in the city centre is a low priced , low rated pub named the mill that is n't family friendly
the mill is a low price fast food near the café sicilia with low customer rating .
the mill is a pub in the city centre by café sicilia . it is inexpensive , is rated one star by customers , and is not family friendly .

the blue spice is a restaurant . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly restaurant serving english food .
there is a child friendly english restaurant called the blue spice by the riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café you can enjoy english food at the restaurant blue spice in a child friendly atmosphere .
there is a children friendly restaurant blue spice located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café that provides english food .
blue spice is located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . this restaurant is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .
blue spice is a child-friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
an english serving child friendly restaurant in riverside is blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant , located in the area of riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café . the food they offer is english .
blue spice is a restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly
blue spice is an english restaurant located near rainbow vegetarian café on the riverside . kids are welcome .
blue spice , a restaurant specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café and is known to be very kid friendly .
blue spice is a child friendly restaurant specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant that provides food and is children friendly , near rainbow vegetarian café and the riverside and is called blue spice .
the blue spice is a restaurant that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-friendly restaurant providing english food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area of the city , the blue spice restaurant , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .
blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a restaurant serving english meals and child friendly
if you looking for children-friendly restaurant with english food go to blue spice near rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a restaurant called blue spice which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice us a restaurant in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it 's kid friendly .
in the riverside area you can find a family friendly restaurant named blue spice . the serve english food and are located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a restaurant located on the riverside near rainbow vegetarian café . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .
situated near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is the family friendly restaurant blue spice . it serves english food .
in riverside there is a restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café called blue spice . it is kid friendly with english food .
blue spice is a family friendly restaurant serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside , near the rainbow vegetarian café , you can find a family friendly restaurant called blue spice .
if you like english food there is a family-friendly restaurant called blue spice near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
near the rainbow vegetarian café , area riverside , the blue spice restaurant , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere
the blue spice is a child-friendly , english restaurant located in riverside area , near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly english restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside .
located at riverside near rainbow vegetarian café stands children-friendly restaurant with english food called blue spice .
blue spice is located near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area and is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food .
blue spice is in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café which is a english restaurant that is also children friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant located in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
blue spice is a restaurant providing food that is near the rainbow vegetarian café and riverside , and is children friendly .
the blue spice is a family friendly restaurant . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is an english children friendly restaurant in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .

if you 're looking for some kid friendly coffee shop food near avalon , then you could try the cricketers , however , it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near avalon .
children friendly coffee shop , the cricketers , with 1 star customer rating , is located near avalon .
the cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop providing fun for the whole family our prices will blow you away . it is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the avalon .
come to coffee shop near the avalon named the cricketers . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near the avalon . it is child friendly , but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called the cricketers near avalon .
the cricketers , near avalon , is coffee shop style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near avalon and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a child friendly 1 star coffee shop . it is located near the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near the avalon . it has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes , it is children friendly .
the cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop close to the avalon with a customer rating 1 out of 5
with a 1 out of 5 customer rating the cricketers coffee shop is children friendly is by the avalon
a kid friendly coffee shop named the cricketers is near avalon , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly coffee shop is the cricketers which is near the avalon . it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop near avalon . it is rated at 1 out of 5 .
1 star customer rated coffee shop , the cricketers , is located near avalon and is family friendly .
there is a coffee shop called the cricketers , located near avalon which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop near avalon , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the avalon is the cricketers which is a children friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
located near avalon is a child friendly coffee shop named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family coffee shop near the avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
child friendly a coffee shop called the cricketers is located near avalon .
customers give the cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5 . the cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop by the avalon .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating .
the cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near avalon . it has a very low customer rating .

the punter is a restaurant that serves cheap indian food . family friendly with an average satisfaction rating . they are in the city center near express by holiday inn .
for cheap indian food with an average satisfaction rating try the punter , they are a family friendly restaurant . they are near express by holiday inn in the city center .
the punter is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn in the city centre with average customer ratings . they have an indian food menu , with cheap prices .
the punter restaurant serves cheap and average-rated indian dishes in a family-friendly environment . it is located in the center of town near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a cheap restaurant in the center of town , near express by holiday inn , that serves moderately-rated indian dishes in a family-friendly environment .
the punter is a restaurant that serves indian food . it is cheap , average customer rating , and family friendly . it is in city centre near express by holiday inn .
an indian food restaurant in city centre is the punter . it is near express by holiday inn . it has average customer ratings , is cheap , and kid friendly .

the cricketers , near café rouge in the city centre area , is a highly priced restaurant which is not child friendly and has a poor rating from its customers .
the cricketers is a not so children friendly english restaurant located in the city centre which has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 near café rouge
the cricketers is a non children friendly english restaurant . it has a high price range , is in the city center near café rouge , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a high priced english restaurant , the cricketers near the city centre 's café rouge had achieved a poor rating from its customers and is n't child friendly .
there is an english restaurant in the city centre located near café rouge which has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and also not a children friendly named the cricketers
the cricketers is a english restaurant in the city center , near café rouge . it is not children friendly , has a high price range , and is near café rouge .

the vaults is a japanese pub . it is not family-friendly . it is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the customer rating is low . the price range is less than £20 .
the vaults pub is a cheap 1 star sushi restaurant . it 's located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . not family friendly . it offers deliveries , take-out and eat-in .
the vaults is a pub in city centre , near raja indian cuisine . it is inexpensive and lowly rated . it is not a good place to take children .
the vaults is a japanese pub on the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine . it is not family-friendly . the customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20 .
the vaults pub serves japanese food in the city centre near to raja indian cuisine . it is cheap , not family friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5 stars .
for cheap japanese food in the town centre , the vaults is a pub close to raja indian cuisine but not family friendly . it is cheap and has 1 out of 5 stars .
the vaults is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating , but it is family-friendly .
the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine , in city centre . it is a cheap pub with a one star rating . it is not family friendly .
there is a japanese pub called the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating . it is also family-friendly .
the vaults is a pub providing not a family-friendly atmosphere . it serves japanese food for less than £20 . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside . it has a low customer rating .
the vaults is a japanese style pub in the price range less than £20 with a low customer rating . it is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .

near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , is the adult italian restaurant , wildwood .
wildwood is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly .
wildwood is a restaurant located in riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and it is not family-friendly .
wildwood is an adult only restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
wildwood is a restaurant in the low price range . it is located close to the raja indian cuisine and has a superb view across the river .
there is a low price range restaurant wildwood located close to the raja indian cuisine . it has a superb view across the river .
in riverside area near raja indian cuisine you can visit restaurant called wildwood where italian food is served . it is not a family-friendly place .
wildwood is an italian restaurant . it 's located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly .
a restaurantpe that serves italian food located at riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly is wildwood .
wildwood is a restaurant serving italian food . it is not family friendly . it is based in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a restaurant that serves italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the area of riverside . unfortunately , it is not kid friendly .

the phoenix , is in the riverside near express by holiday inn , it is an adult directed restaurant and indian restaurant that is affordable an received a 5 out of 5 rating .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap restaurant . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is near express by holiday inn .
the phoenix is in riverside near express by holiday inn . it has cheap prices . it has high customer ratings .

the waterman is a highly priced restaurant that provides indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the waterman is a indian restaurant in the high price range in the riverside area of raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .
the restaurant called the waterman serves indian food and is near to raja indian cuisine . the waterman is child-friendly and is in riverside . it has a high price range however
the waterman is an expensive , kid friendly restaurant that serves indian cuisine in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a children friendly indian restaurant in the high price range in the riverside area of raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant near to raja indian cuisine that is child-friendly . it has a high price range but is located in riverside
enjoy coffee and treat the kids to authentic indian food at the waterman . a high priced establishment near raja indian cuisine , in riverside .

there is a children friendly pub serving french food called wildwood . it is located near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
in riverside , near the raja indian cuisine , is a pub called wildwood . they offer french food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy .
wildwood is a family friendly french pub located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub in riverside . it is convenient to the raja indian cuisine , and offer a child-friendly environment .
wildwood at riverside near raja indian cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves french food .
a amazing french pub is called the wildwood . the pub is near the raja indian cuisine in riverside . they love kids .
wildwood , a french pub , which is child-friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a french pub in riverside called wildwood . it is child friendly and located near the raja indian cuisine
wildwood is a family friendly french pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving french food near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
wildwood is a family friendly pub , offering french food , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is family-friendly .
wildwood serves french food that is kids friendly . it is in riverside near raja indian cuisine
the wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it serves french food .
in riverside near raja indian cuisine is wildwood , a family-friendly french pub .
wildwood is a french pub and kid friendly , is located near raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area .
near the raja indian cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly french pub called wildwood .
a kid friendly pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area named wildwood serves french food .
wildwood is a pub in riverside , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is family-friendly .
located near the raja indian cuisine , in the riverside area is wildwood . this is a family friendly pub that offers french food .
riverside has a children friendly french pub called wildwood . the shop is near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get french food in , it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
riverside pub , the wildwood features french cuisine is family friendly and is located near the raja indian cuisine
a french pub in the riverside area is wildwood . it is family friendly and located near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub located near raja indian cuisine where you can eat french food and your children will be welcome .
wildwood is a child friendly french pub in riverside located near the raja indian cuisine
in riverside near the raja indian cuisine , there is a venue called wildwood . it is a french pub that is family friendly .
the wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood pub serves french food and is situated in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the wildwood is a riverside french pub known for its popularity with kids . it is located near the raja indian cuisine .
near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with french food . it is the wildwood .
wildwood is a kid friendly french pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine .
located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine the wildwood is a pub offering french food and is very kid friendly

the vaults , a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range , with a rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves italian food and is in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
the pub the vaults is located near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside , it has a moderate price range and a kid friendly atmosphere with italian food and a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a family friendly pub serving food . located next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
the vaults pub is a family café . mid-range price and very close to rainbow vegetarian café restaurant .
the vaults is a family oriented pub and it 's affordable . it 's next to rainbow vegetarian café .
there is a kid friendly river side italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café named the vaults with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating .
a family safe , mid priced pub located next to rainbow vegetarian café is the vaults .
in riverside located near rainbow vegetarian café , is kids friendly pub with a moderate price range . it is rated 3 out of 5 and serves italian food , it is called the vaults .
the vaults is a pub located just outside the city center for families that serves food . located next to the rainbow vegetarian café .
in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café there is a pub which has a moderate price range and is kid friendly called the vaults with italian food and a customer taking of 3 out of 5 .

the phoenix is a cheap , average restaurant that serves authentic indian food . it is located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn . the phoenix is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant located near express by holiday inn in the city that provides indian food .
the phoenix , located in the city centre , is a small and authentic indian restaurant . the phoenix is mediocre shop but it offers fast , cheap food . it is across from express by holiday inn and is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant that offers indian food for a cheap price with an average rating . in the area of city centre near express by holiday inn , not family friendly .
the phoenix is an average indian restaurant located in the city centre near express by holiday inn , they are adult only and cheap .
there is a cheap restaurant the phoenix . it is a restaurant that offers indian food with an average customer rating . it is in the city centre area near express by holiday inn , it is not family friendly .

the punter is an expensive indian restaurant with an average customer rating . it is located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn , but is not children friendly .
near express by holiday inn is an expensive indian restaurant called the punter . it is not child friendly and is in the city centre .
there is an expensive , non-children friendly indian restaurant called the punter located in the city centre , near express by holiday inn .
in the city centre . the restaurant the punter has an average customer rating for its indian food and it is not children friendly . it is located near to express by holiday inn .
near the express by holiday inn in the city center there is a restaurant called the punter that serves indian food for a high price range . it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter has an average customer rating for its indian food . it is a restaurant in the city centre , near to express by holiday inn . it is not children friendly .
the punter is a restaurant that serves indian food for a high price range . it has an average customer rating and is located near express by holiday inn in the city centre , it is not children friendly .

there is a japanese food eat type restaurant by the name of the vaults that serves coffee near raja indian cuisine , it is is family friendly with a $ 20 or less price range .
the vaults is a 3 star , family friendly pub located by the margin of the river next to raja indian cuisine that provides japanese food for a cheap price .
the vaults is a riverside pub , situated near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £20 and serves japanese food . yes , it is also family friendly . the customer rating is average .
the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a pub that welcomes family and is rated three out of five stars .
near raja indian cuisine is a japanese pub called the vaults by the riverside which is family friendly and is less than £20 with an average customer rating
the vaults is a pub that serves japanese food . it is located near raja indian cuisine , on the riverside . customer rating is average and yes , it is family friendly .
located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a family friendly , 3 star pub that provides japanese food for a low cost .
the vaults is a cheap pub near raja indian cuisine that is family friendly and three star rated .
there is a family friendly pub by the riverside near raja indian cuisine called the vaults which has an average customer rating and is family friendly with price of less than £20

the phoenix restaurant and fast food restaurant offers meals under £20 . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is not family-friendly .
the phoenix is a comfortable restaurant that is within city centre limits , next to the raja indian cuisine restaurant .
the phoenix is a non family-friendly restaurant in the riverside . it is located near to raja indian cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20 .
the phoenix restaurant , located on the river , is near raja indian cuisine and low priced
the phoenix is a riverside , fast food restaurant for adults that is riverside near raja indian cuisine with prices less than £20 .
in the riverside near raja indian cuisine is restaurant called a the phoenix . it serves fast food for less than £20 and is n't family-friendly .
the phoenix is a low priced restaurant on the river located near raja indian cuisine
for cheap fast food , the phoenix restaurant is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix restaurant in the city centre , close to raja indian cuisine , is cheap and not family friendly .
at the riverside near raja indian cuisine is the phoenix restaurant that has fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly .
the restaurant , the phoenix is an affordable location city center . and the raja indian cuisine restaurant

there is a low priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a moderately cheap restaurant in riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located near to raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food deliveries in the low price range . it is located in raja indian cuisine
the phoenix is a moderate priced fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is child friendly and is in riverside .
a restaurant named the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . it is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant offering fast food and is kid friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
there is a well priced restaurant the phoenix which is located near to raja indian cuisine .
there is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant , the phoenix restaurant , that offers take-out or deliveries . it is located in city centre just east of raja indian cuisine .
in riverside , near raja indian cuisine is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food . it is also child friendly and is called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly and moderate priced .
the phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of raja indian cuisine . they offer eat-in , take-out or deliveries .
the phoenix is a good restaurant near to raja indian cuisine . its kids friendly
the phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of riverside , near the raja indian cuisine . fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly .

the punter is a children friendly coffee ship in the city centre near express by holiday inn . it serves italian food for £20-25 and has a high customer rating .
mid-priced but highly rated , the punter restaurant is a great place to eat italian food with your kids . it is located near the express by holiday inn in the city centre .
the punter is a children friendly venue serving italian food between £20 -£25 . it is a restaurant with a high customer rating . it is based in the city centre near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food . it has a high customer rating , so if you are interested it is located near express by holiday inn in city centre and the bill will be around £20-25 .
the punter restaurant near the express by holiday inn in the city centre offers highly rated , mid-priced italian food and a kid friendly environment .
the punter is a kid friendly restaurant that also serves italian food . it has a high customer rating , so if you are interested it is located near express by holiday inn in city centre and the bill will be around £20-25 .

a high priced italian restaurant and restaurant that is children friendly is called the waterman . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a italian restaurant and is child friendly , they are in the higher price range . it is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
a children friendly italian restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the centre of the city named the waterman has high price range for a restaurant
the waterman is a high priced italian restaurant and restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
a children friendly italian restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the centre of the city named the waterman has high price range for a restaurant
the waterman italian restaurant is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area , it is child friendly however the is high price range .

the phoenix , a pub that serves fast food near café sicilia in riverside has a high customer rating , and is not kid friendly . their price range is more than £30 .
for a less child friendly and more adult fast food experience try the phoenix pub near the café sicilia in the riverside area . it charges a bit more than the average pub but is highly rated .
the phoenix pub in the riverside area charges a bit above average but is highly rates . it 's near the café sicilia and serves fast food but is n't child friendly .
the phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near café sicilia offering fast food . it has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly .
the phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near café sicilia offering fast food . it has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly .
near café sicilia in riverside is a pub that serves fast food called the phoenix . the price range is more than £30 , they have a high customer rating and are not kid friendly .

the english pub , 'the punter ' , is a highly priced place near raja indian cuisine . the food has more of an adult taste to it .
catering a traditional english menu , the punter pub sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby raja indian cuisine . the punter is not considered child friendly .
there is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area called the punter . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
the punter is an english pub located along the river near raja indian cuisine . the prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .
the punter is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a high price range and is not child-friendly .
located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , you will find the pub the punter , serving a traditional english menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .

located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , green man is a japanese restaurant that is not family friendly .
there is a japanese restaurant green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn . not family-friendly .
green man is a japanese restaurant located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food . it is located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn is a restaurant named green man offering japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment .
the green man is a non family friendly restaurant which is located next to the express by holiday inn .
the green man is a restaurant located next to express by holiday inn . the green man is a non family friendly restaurant .
the green man is a sushi and coffee place near the express by holiday inn and does not permit families .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food , it 's located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
green man is a restaurant serving japanese food , it 's not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a non family friendly japanese restaurant , just a short distance along the riverside from the express by holiday inn .

the wrestlers , a restaurant , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
there 's a restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a restaurant the wrestlers . child friendly italian restaurant with a moderate price range .
there is an average priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian restaurant by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly restaurant offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian restaurant called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers restaurant is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .

the vaults pub is not family-friendly , sells french food , and has a price range of less than £20 . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub offers french cuisine at budget prices , but does not welcome families . it is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults pub and french pub is located outside of the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families .
the vaults pub serves french for less than £20 . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . no families .
for less than £20 , french pub the vaults can be found in riverside near raja indian cuisine . no families .
the vaults pub offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits , fondue , cheeseboards , french and italian dishes . it is not family-friendly . it is situated by the river , and near to the raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a no family-friendly pub providing french food in the cheap price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
there is a no family-friendly pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside that provides french food in the cheap price range .
great french food is sold at the vaults pub . with a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed , the riverside café near the raja indian cuisine is sure to please .
pub , the vaults , is reasonably priced . located near raja indian cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
sitting on the riverside close to raja indian cuisine , the vaults is a low cost pub . this is not a family friendly pub .

there is a riverside restaurant near all bar one that serves chinese food for less than £20 , called the cricketers . this venue has been given low ratings and does not accommodate families .
the cricketers is a restaurant in located near all bar one in the riverside area which also serves chinese food . it is not family friendly , has poor reviews and is not family-friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant offering chinese food . they are price ranged of less than £20 with a low customer rating . they are not family friendly and are located in the riverside near all bar one .
there is a restaurant the cricketers located at the riverside , near all bar one which has a price range less than 20 pounds . the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in a price range less than 20 pounds . it is located at the riverside , near all bar one . the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a low-rated restaurant in the riverside area , near all bar one , serving chinese food priced under £20 . they are not family friendly .
if you 're in the riverside area and want to spend less than £20 at a poorly-reviewed restaurant that serves chinese food , try the cricketers . its near all bar one and is not family friendly .

a child friendly chinese restaurant called the cricketers , has a rating of 1 out of 5 , with a high price range and is located riverside , near all bar one .
the cricketers is a 1 out of 5 restaurant that serves chinese food in the high price range . the cricketers is situated at the riverside near all bar one . the cricketers is child friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee chop with chinese food . they have higher prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 . they are along the riverside near all bar one and allow children .
the cricketers is a restaurant which serves chinese food at a high price . the cricketers has a 1 out of 5 rating but it is by all bar one at the riverside . the restaurant is child friendly ,
the cricketers is a high-priced restaurant near the all bar one in riverside . the cricketers offers coffee and chinese food ; it is child friendly and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a high priced restaurant that is located in riverside near the all bar one . it is child friendly and has chinese food .
if you like chinese food , there is a restaurant called the cricketers that has it . they charge higher prices and have a rating of 1 out of 5 . they are family friendly and are located on the riverside near all bar one .

the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located near raja indian cuisine in riverside , the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food . they received a 1 out of 4 customer rating .
the wrestlers is a pub providing sushi in the low price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near raja indian cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly .
the wrestlers is a pub near a raja indian cuisine serving medium-priced items . it is not for families .
the wrestlers is a pub in the medium price range . it is located near a raja indian cuisine .
near the city centre and raja indian cuisine the wrestlers pub has different kinds of food
the wrestlers pub a variety of foods , it 's near raja indian cuisine in the city centre
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves japanese food . kids are not allowed . rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers offers japanese food and pub with cheap price near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the wrestlers is a pub located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve moderately priced japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

near the river there is a restaurant called the cricketers . it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near all bar one .
the cricketers is a highly rated restaurant near all bar one , it 's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
near all bar one , the cricketers offers chinese food and also serves as a highly-rated restaurant in riverside that is child-friendly . prices range above 30 pounds .
the cricketers restaurant , serving chinese food , prices from £30.99 , high profile , riverside , near all bar one , child friendly
the cricketers restaurant serves chinese food more than £30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near all bar one .
the cricketers restaurant , serving
the cricketers restaurant makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than £30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the all bar one .

the mill is a cheap pub that also serves fast food . it is located in the city centre near a café sicilia . customers rate it a 5 out of 5 . it is not family-friendly .
the mill serves cheap fast food . located near the café sicilia , it is not family-friendly . great rating of 5 out of 5 .
the mill is a cheap pub in the city centre . located near a café sicilia , it also serves fast food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers . however , it is not family-friendly .
cheaply priced , city centre pub the mill is the fast food alternative to nearby café sicilia , scoring a top customer rating despite not being family-friendly .
the mill pub sells cheap fast food . located in the city centre near café sicilia , it is not recommended for families .
the mill located near café sicilia serves cheap pub fast food . it has a 5 out of 5 rating but not family-friendly .

for more than £30 the vaults is a children friendly french pub near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a pub .
a children friendly pub named the vaults that serves french food . in the city centre area is a pub with a price range of more than 30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .
a children friendly french pub named the vaults near raja indian cuisine at city centre is a pub for more than £30 .
the vaults in a french pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is a pub with a price range is more than 30 .
children friendly french pub the vaults is located near raja indian cuisine in city centre . it is a high priced pub more than £30 .
the vaults pub , located in city centre , is children friendly with a price range of more than £30 . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the vaults pub is family-friendly french food shop in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
the vaults pub is family-friendly french food in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a price range less than £20 .
near raja cuisine , in the city centre is a pub offering french food . the vaults is cheap and family-friendly .
the vaults is a family-friendly pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the price range of less than £20 .
the vaults is a cheap , family-friendly french pub located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
french food can be found at the vaults which is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it is a family-friendly pub and has a price range of less than £20 .

there is a restaurant called the cricketers that has chinese food . they have a rating of 5 out of 5 and have cheap food options . they are on the riverside near all bar one . however , they do not allow children .
the cricketers can be found in the riverside area near all bar one . it has excellent customer reviews despite the fact that it is not family friendly . it serves cheap chinese food in a restaurant setting .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves cheap chinese food . it is cheap and has excellent reviews but is not family friendly . it can be found in the riverside area near all bar one .
the cricketers , located in the riverside near all bar one , provides 5 out of 5 star rating cheap chinese food and coffee .
the cricketers is a chinese food restaurant with inexpensive food . although they do not allow children , they do have a high customer rating . they are near the riverside by all bar one .
the cricketers is an excellent , non family-friendly restaurant that also serves chinese food . it is situated on the riverside , near all bar one , and has quite cheap prices . it is a customer-favourite with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
on the riverside , near all bar one , you will find the cricketers . it is a cheap , non family-friendly restaurant that also serves chinese food . it has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the kids-friendly restaurant called the waterman near riverside next to raja indian cuisine also serve indian foods with high price .
there is an above average priced restaurant called the waterman , located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the venue is child friendly .
the waterman is an indian restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . this kid friendly place has above average pricing .
the waterman is a restaurant located near raja indian cuisine near riverside . it serves indian food with high-priced menu .
the waterman is a restaurant serving indian food at a price range of over £30 . it is on the riverside , is child-friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food at more than £30 . it is child friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost restaurant that provides japanese food .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers restaurant . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end restaurant that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly restaurant north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end restaurant north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly restaurant that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese restaurant in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
there is a children friendly japanese restaurant called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our restaurant in the medium price range
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type restaurant called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
named the wrestlers , this children friendly restaurant serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers restaurant is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that provides japanese food for a high cost . the restaurant is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .

the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it has a low customer rating .
although the cricketers has a low customer rating , it 's a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch .
the cricketers is a low rated but family friendly coffee shop near ranch .
the cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near ranch with a low customer rating .
located near ranch . the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
the cricketers is child friendly near a ranch and has a low customer rating
near ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called the cricketers which has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating located near ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop found near ranch , however it does have a poor customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
a family-friendly coffee shop known as the cricketers is located near ranch and has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near the ranch . it gets a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near the ranch , but it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a low rated , children friendly coffee shop near ranch
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers located near a ranch is child friendly and has a low customer rating
the cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating . it is located near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch , but its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop . low rating near the ranch .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near ranch that has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating , located near ranch .
ranch is located near the low rated , children friendly coffee shop called , the cricketers

the phoenix is a kid-friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . they serve french food in the £20-25 range .
the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . prices range £20-25 .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . they serve french food and the price ranges from £20-25 .
there is a family friendly french pub in riverside called the phoenix . they are located near raja indian cuisine and the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a kid friendly pub with french food . located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is £20-25 .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
the phoenix , located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine , is a kid-friendly pub serving french food . prices are in the £20-25 range .
located near raja indian cuisine on the riverside , the phoenix is a kid friendly french pub with prices £20-25 .
the french food serving pub known as the phoenix is located near raja indian cuisine on the the riverside . they cost between £20-£25 .
the phoenix is a pub located near raja indian cuisine . they are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25 . they serve french food .
the phoenix pub is kid-friendly , with prices in the lower 20s . the serve french food on the riverside . it 's located near raja indian cuisine .

if you are in the mood for french food in the more than £30 price range , try the vaults . it is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
a children-friendly pub called the vaults is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than e30 and it serves french food .
near the raja indian cuisine , by the river , the vaults offers a child friendly environment , prices over £30 , and french food and coffee .
the vaults is a high priced range family friendly pub located in city centre that offers raja indian cuisine .
there is an expensive pub the vaults located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly pub the vaults near raja indian cuisine located in the riverside . it serves french food for more than £30 .
the vaults is a children-friendly pub that serves french food and is found in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . the price range is more than £30 .
there is a high priced range pub called the vaults located in city centre that is family friendly and offers raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a children friendly pub in the riverside area , near raja indian cuisine . it serves french food and is in the more than £30 price range .
the vaults is pub serving french food with price range more than £30 . it is children friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside .
the vaults pub offers french food , in the riverside area . loved near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub in the high-price range . it is located near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a high-priced pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is family friendly and is located in the city centre and is near by raja indian cuisine .
priced at more than £30 , and located by the riverside , the vaults , near raja indian cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves french cuisine
located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , the vaults pub offers french food . child friendly ranging in price more end £30 .
the vaults is a high-priced family friendly pub that serves wines and cheeses . it is located in the city centre and is near by the raja indian cuisine .

the mill is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it sells things for less than £20 and is family-friendly .
the mill , is a pub and is family-friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area . it is family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20 . it serves english food and is a pub .
the mill , is a pub and is family-friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is a cheap english pub . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is family-friendly .
the mill is a cheap , family-friendly , pub serving english food . they are near to raja indian cuisine in the city centre .

cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at the phoenix pub . situated riverside near the raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly pub in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
riverside has a cheap fast food pub near raja indian cuisine named the phoenix . it 's family-friendly .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the pub 'the phoenix ' is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
with a cheap price range along the riverside , the pub named the phoenix is family friendly and serves fast food raja indian cuisine .
family friendly the phoenix is a cheap pub serving fast food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap and family friendly pub in the riverside area . the phoenix serves fast food and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub serving fast food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is cheap and family friendly .
riverside pub the phoenix fast food price range same raja indian cuisine

green man is a non family friendly japanese pub , just a short distance along the riverside from the express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub located next to express by holiday inn . the green man is a non family friendly pub .
green man is a japanese pub located in riverside near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
the green man is a sushi and coffee place near the express by holiday inn and does not permit families .
green man is a pub serving japanese food , it 's located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn and is not family-friendly .
green man is a pub serving japanese food , it 's not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn , green man is a japanese pub that is not family friendly .
located by the riverside near the express by holiday inn is a pub named green man offering japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment .
there is a japanese pub green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn . not family-friendly .
the green man is a non family friendly pub which is located next to the express by holiday inn .

the cricketers is a low customer rated restaurant that serves chinese food . you 'll spend less than twenty dollars . it is family friendly and located in the city centre near all bar one .
the cricketers , a family-friendly restaurant near all bar one in the city centre , serves inexpensive chinese food . complaints have been made about the cricketers .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range . it is located near all bar one
the cricketers is in the center . of the city near all bar one , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . it is a restaurant which serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves chinese food with a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating . it is located near all bar one in the center . of the city .
if you 're looking for a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers just may be your spot . for less than twenty dollars , you get chinese food . the customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . the cricketers is located in the city centre near all bar one .

there is a riverside restaurant near all bar one that serves chinese food for less than £20 , called the cricketers . this venue has been given low ratings and does not accommodate families .
the cricketers is a restaurant in located near all bar one in the riverside area which also serves chinese food . it is not family friendly , has poor reviews and is not family-friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant offering chinese food . they are price ranged of less than £20 with a low customer rating . they are not family friendly and are located in the riverside near all bar one .
there is a restaurant the cricketers located at the riverside , near all bar one which has a price range less than 20 pounds . the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in a price range less than 20 pounds . it is located at the riverside , near all bar one . the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a low-rated restaurant in the riverside area , near all bar one , serving chinese food priced under £20 . they are not family friendly .
if you 're in the riverside area and want to spend less than £20 at a poorly-reviewed restaurant that serves chinese food , try the cricketers . its near all bar one and is not family friendly .

near the café sicilia is an average rated restaurant , family friendly and called the cricketers
the cricketers has an average customer rating , it is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near café sicilia .
near café sicilia , is a family friendly restaurant , the cricketers , it has an average customer rating .
known as 'average ' and 'family friendly ' , the cricketers offers restaurant food near the café sicilia
the cricketers is a restaurant that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the café sicilia .
there is a children friendly , average rated restaurant called the cricketers near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a family-friendly restaurant near café sicilia that 's been rated average by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia .
as a children friendly restaurant , the cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service . it 's got good customer ratings and is located near café sicilia .
for an average rated restaurant that 's family-friendly , check out the cricketers near café sicilia .
a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia with an average customer rating is named the cricketers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia . it has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere .
near café sicilia , there is an average-rated , children friendly restaurant called the cricketers .
the cricketers near café sicilia has a customer rating of average , the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant .
the cricketers is a restaurant near café sicilia . yes it is children friendly . it has an average customer rating .
for a family friendly restaurant located near café sicilia , the cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating .
the cricketers is an average rated restaurant with a children-friendly atmosphere located near café sicilia .
near café sicilia there is a restaurant named the cricketers . it 's family friendly with an average rating .
the cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly restaurant located near the café sicilia .
near café sicilia you will find a children-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating called the cricketers .
the cricketers restaurant is children friendly . it is found near café sicilia and has a customer rating of average .
the cricketers comes customer approved , they are located near café sicilia and offer family friendly dining .
if you 're looking for a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating , try the cricketers , located near café sicilia .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near café sicilia
for restaurant style eating that is kid friendly , look for the cricketers , located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the cricketers , near café sicilia , is a child friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .

the green man is a pub which also sells japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn down by the riverside . yes it is family friendly
a pub with japanese food is green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
the green man is a children friendly pub which serves japanese food , and is located near the express by holiday inn by the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that serves japanese food . it is by the riverside near express by holiday inn .
there is a kids-friendly pub in near the express by holiday inn in the riverside area . named green man , it specializes in japanese food .
featuring japanese cuisine and a pub atmosphere , the green man is situated on the riverside , near the express by holiday inn .
there is a pub style place in riverside that sells japanese food , called green man . it is also kid friendly and located near express by holiday inn .
the green man is a pub with japanese food and is near express by holiday inn .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , there is a kid friendly japanese pub named green man .
the green man , located near the express by holiday inn in riverside , is a kid friendly pub .
in riverside , near express by holiday inn , is a pub style place called green man . they serve japanese food , and are kid friendly .
there is a child friendly japanese pub named green man that is located near the express by holiday inn .
if you are near the express by holiday inn in riverside , bring the kids to green man for some coffee .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food an is kid friendly . its in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn .
green man located in riverside near express by holiday inn is a family friendly japanese pub
green man is a family pub but also with japanese food its near to the express by holiday inn
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located near the express by holiday inn in riverside
green man is located near the express by holiday inn on the riverside , it is a family friendly pub serving japanese foods .
green man is a child friendly pub which serves japanese food and is located near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area that offers japanese food near the express by holiday inn
near the express by holiday inn in riverside there is a children friendly japanese pub called green man .
green man , is a family friendly riverside pub near the express by holiday inn , that serves japanese food .
a japanese pub called the green man is family friendly . it is near the express by holiday inn near the riverside .
green man is a children friendly pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside .
green man pub in riverside near express by holiday inn serves japanese food and is children friendly .
the green man is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn in the riverside area with japanese food .
green man is a children friendly japanese pub in the riverside area near express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is known to be kids-friendly .
near the express by holiday inn , on the riverside , is the japanese family friendly pub , green man .
the green man , located on the riverside near the express by holiday inn , features a kid-friendly pub atmosphere that serves japanese cuisine as well .
near express by holiday inn is a japanese pub called green man . it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
green man is a pub and also a japanese pub great for family and close to express by holiday inn
by the express by holiday inn and the riverside , there is a pub which serves japanese food and is children friendly , named the green man .
green man is a family friendly japanese pub located by the riverside express by holiday inn .
green man is a pub serving japanese food . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , and is child friendly
green man is a child friendly japanese pub that is near the express by holiday inn .
the green man japanese pub is family friendly . it is along the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
green man is a kid friendly japanese pub , near express by holiday inn in riverside .
green man is a japanese pub family friendly located at the riverside near the express by holiday inn .
the green man , near express by holiday inn in the riverside area , is a family friendly pub with japanese food .
green man is a pub that offers japanese food . it is near express by holiday inn in the area of riverside and is children friendly .
a kids friendly japanese pub along the riverside is called green man and is next to express by holiday inn .
green man is a riverside pub by express by holiday inn that serves japanese food . it is children friendly .
green man , is a family friendly pub near express by holiday inn that offers japanese cuisine .
the green man is near express by holiday inn and riverside . it is a pub that provides japanese food , and is family friendly .

the vaults pub has french cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is n't child friendly .
the up market french pub , the vaults , is located at the riverside near to the raja indian cuisine pub
the vaults is high price pub serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly
a french pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine which is n't child friendly is called the vaults .
there is high price pub named the vaults serving french food located in riverside near raja indian cuisine but not children-friendly

the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
there is an average priced pub near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the pub called the wrestlers .
there 's a pub in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers pub family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a pub the wrestlers . child friendly italian pub with a moderate price range .
the wrestlers pub is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian pub by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers , a pub , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly pub offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian pub called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .

blue spice is a family friendly chinese pub in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a kid friendly pub that serves chinese food in riverside near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a family-oriented pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . chinese food is served at blue spice .
a kid friendly pub called blue spice is in riverside is near rainbow vegetarian café serves chinese food .
in the riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is a family friendly chinese pub named the blue spice .
kid friendly , .blue spice chinese pub is in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café .
near the rainbow vegetarian café in riverside is a pub called blue spice . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
located in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café is blue spice pub , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
blue spice chinese pub in riverside , near rainbow vegetarian café , is kid friendly .
when in the riverside area , try the family friendly pub blue spice . offering chinese food , located near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a pub providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice , a kid-friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .
blue spice is a pub and chinese pub located in riverside near to rainbow vegetarian café
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving chinese in riverside near the rainbow vegetarian café .
near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside is a children friendly pub called the blue spice . it has chinese food .
the pub blue spice not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near rainbow vegetarian café its amazing .
blue spice is a chinese pub located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice pub offers chinese food . it is located near rainbow vegetarian café near the riverside and it children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese pub and pub in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the rainbow vegetarian café

the phoenix fast food café is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range and is kids friendly .
there is a pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . the phoenix has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the phoenix is a fast food pub with a moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix fast food pub is kids friendly is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub serving fast food near raja indian cuisine in the city center . the phoenix is kid friendly and moderately priced .
there is a moderately priced pub named the phoenix that serves fast food . the phoenix is kid friendly and is near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .

in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is , the waterman . a pub serving indian food . a not so family friendly pub with meals less than £20 .
raja indian cuisine is close to a competitor the waterman where indian food is served for less than £20 a plate in the riverside area not to families
the waterman pub serves indian food for less than £20 on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the waterman is a less than £20 indian pub located near the raja indian cuisine and riverside however it is not family friendly .
non family friendly pub serving indian food for less than £20 . on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is the waterman .
the waterman pub is not family friendly but serves indian food for under £20 in the riverside area right near raja indian cuisine
the waterman is an indian pub providing meals less than £20 . it is located near the riverside and raja indian cuisine and is non family friendly .

the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant . it is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has perfect ratings .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel , with a customer rating of five out of five .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near crowne plaza hotel
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant . it is located near crowne plaza hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the cricketers has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near crowne plaza hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five named the cricketers .
located near crowne plaza hotel , the cricketers is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . they are children friendly .
the cricketers is a family-friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the crowne plaza hotel
for a restaurant near crowne plaza hotel that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , try the cricketers .
there is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly restaurant located near a crowne plaza hotel called the cricketers .
stunning crowne plaza hotel restaurant the cricketers , family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant , the cricketers , is located near a crowne plaza hotel and has a rating 5 out of 5 .
a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel is the cricketers . it has a 5 out of 5 rating
the cricketers is a restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel with a family friendly atmosphere .
the cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near crowne plaza hotel . it has a 5 out of 5 rating

there is an indian restaurant in city centre named the punter . it is cheap with a low customer rating and near express by holiday inn . it is not family friendly .
family friendly restaurant low rating with a price of £20 , the punter serves indian dishes , near express by holiday inn in the city centre area .
the punter restaurant featuring indian style foods at a reasonable price of £20 , located in the city centre near express by holiday inn
come for a coffee and some indian food without the kids for low prices near express by holiday inn in the city centre , we are the punter .
there is a restaurant near the city centre and express by holiday inn called the punter . it is both rated low and in the low price range , serves indian food , and is not family friendly .
the punter , a low-rated restaurant , serves indian food in the low price range . customers say it is not family friendly and it can be found near the city centre and express by holiday inn .

there is a moderately priced pub in the city center , the waterman , that serves indian food . the price is moderate and it is near the raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a moderate priced , child friendly pub that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is a pub serving indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing .
the waterman is a pub serving indian cuisine with a moderate price range . kid friendly near raja indian cuisine in the city centre area .
there is a moderate priced , child friendly pub called the waterman , that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing moderately priced indian food . it is kid friendly and can be found in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a children friendly pub serving indian food . it is in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is moderately priced .

the waterman is a reasonably priced , family friendly , pub that also serves indian food . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the less than £20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
for less than £20 you can eat at the pub the waterman . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine , is family friendly , and offers indian food .
the waterman is a pub which serves indian food for under £20 . it is on the riverside , it is family friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a family friendly pub providing indian food for £20 or less . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman serves coffee and indian food for less that £20 . it is near raja indian cuisine in riverside .

near raja indian cuisine , you 'll find the wrestlers , a family pub that sells sushi . it is moderately expensive and has poor ratings .
the wrestlers is a 1 star , medium priced restaurant located near raja indian cuisine and north of city centre .
the wrestlers is a japanese kid-friendly pub located by the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine , has moderate price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the wrestlers is a poorly rated pub near raja indian cuisine . it is moderately expensive , family-friendly , and serves sushi .
there is a one star mid priced family friendly pub the wrestlers near raja indian cuisine in the city centre . it offers chinese food .
north of city centre and near raja indian cuisine , is a 1 star , medium priced restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a pub with japanese food service , family atmosphere , warm and moderate prices clentele , is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area
the wrestlers is a striking pub near raja indian cuisine in the area riverside , service features japanese food , family atmosphere , warm clentele and moderate prices
the wrestlers is a japanese kid-friendly pub situated by the riverside . its price ranges are moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is near raja indian cuisine .

the punter is a 1 out of 5 stars indian restaurant near express by holiday inn in the city centre . it is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food at a high price range . it has 1 out of 5 stars . it is children friendly . it is in the city centre near express by holiday inn .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , child friendly the waterman pub serves italian food with a high price range .
located in the riverside area , the waterman , offers italian flare in a pub setting and is kid friendly . it is near raja indian cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side .
the waterman is a child friendly pub which serves highly priced italian food . it is near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
conveniently located on the riverside , close to raja indian cuisine , the waterman is an elite , but family friendly established pub .
the waterman is a high price range italian pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the waterman is a high priced children friendly pub serving italian food .
for a high priced pub serving italian food with a children friendly environment , try the waterman near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman pub near raja indian cuisine is for the upmarket family . facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee .
near raja indian cuisine , the waterman pub has high prices and facilities for the family .
the waterman is a children friendly italian pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is in the high price range .
the pub the waterman is an expensive family friendly establishment located near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub that serves italian food . the price range is high but it is children-friendly . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there is a children-friendly pub named the waterman that offers italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the waterman in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine , offers italian food in a pub atmosphere . this establishment is child friendly but has a high price range .
in riverside , is a family friendly , high priced , italian pub named the waterman . the waterman is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a high priced pub located near raja indian cuisine . it is family friendly .

moderately priced and located near café sicilia , the mill is a pub that sells fast food . it has a three out of five customer rating and is not children friendly .
the mill is a fast food moderately priced pub in the city centre near café sicilia . it has a three out of five customer rating and is not kid friendly .
the mill is located in the center of the city near café sicilia . it is a pub that serves fast food and is not kid friendly . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub that serves fast food . it is located near café sicilia in the center of the city . it is not kid friendly . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the mill is a pub located in the city centre , close to café sicilia serves fast food . it has a customer rating 3 out of 5
moderately priced and with an average customer rating , the mill is a pub close to café sicilia in the city centre . not recommended for children .

the punter is a restaurant serving indian food in the high price range that is children friendly with an average customer rating in the riverside area near express by holiday inn
an indian restaurant in riverside , located near express by holiday inn , is children friendly and has a high price range . it is called the punter and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a high priced restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
the punter is a restaurant with indian food in the high price range . it is children friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located in riverside near express by holiday inn
the punter is a restaurant that provides indian food with high price ranges . they have an average customer rating in located near express by holiday inn in riverside . the punter is child friendly .
there is a high priced restaurant called the punter in the riverside area , near express by holiday inn , with an average customer rating , that serves indian food and is also child friendly .

the green man , near all bar one , is pub receiving customer ratings of 1 out of 5 .
near all bar one you can find a pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called green man .
the pub near all bar one is green man . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
rated 1 out of 5 , green man pub is near all bar one .
if you 're nearby all bar one , you can give the pub green man a try , although it currently gets low ratings from other customers - a 1 out of 5 .
the green man pub received a rating of 1 out of 5. it is located near all bar one .

giraffe is a family friendly fast food restaurant . it is located in riverside near the raja indian cuisine . this restaurant is has a restaurant style setup .
giraffe is a family friendly , fast food restaurant , near the raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
there 's a children-friendly restaurant that provides fast food at the riverside near the raja indian cuisine called the giraffe .
giraffe is a restaurant that serves fast food . near raja indian cuisine in riverside . yes it is family friendly .
kids are always welcome at giraffe restaurant in the riverside area . it 's located near raja indian cuisine and they have a fast food style menu .
the family friendly restaurant giraffe , serving fast foods too , is located on the riverside near raja indian cuisine
there is a restaurant called giraffe that has fast food and is family friendly located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is considered to be fast food and children are welcome .
the kid friendly fast food restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine is called giraffe
near riverside and raja indian cuisine is a kid friendly , fast food restaurant called giraffe .
in the area of riverside there is a restaurant that is kids-friendly and serves fast food called giraffe near raja indian cuisine .
located on the riverside near the raja indian cuisine , giraffe is a children friendly restaurant that offers fast food .

there is a family friendly japanese restaurant the wrestlers with a price range of less than £20 near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
a low priced restaurant next to raja indian cuisine is called the wrestlers . it is a family friendly place that offers sushi .
for under £20 , the wrestlers restaurant , located near raja indian cuisine , delivers japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine , in riverside . they offer japanese food for under £20 .
name the wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly restaurant near the raja indian cuisine serving japanese food
the riverside japanese restaurant , the wrestlers , is located near raja indian cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range .
situated close to raja indian cuisine is the wrestlers , a japanese style restaurant that serves dishes for under twenty pound .
the wrestlers restaurant is a low-priced , family friendly sushi restaurant located close to raja indian cuisine .
near raja indian cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly , less than £20 japanese food place , the wrestlers .
the wrestlers , a japanese restaurant near raja indian cuisine , offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20 .
named the wrestlers is a japanese food restaurant and is near the raja indian cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
the wrestlers is family friendly restaurant that has a price range of £20 , and serves japanese food . it 's near raja indian cuisine by the riverside .
the wrestlers is a restaurant for sushi food , we 're placed near raja indian cuisine at city centre .
the wrestlers is a family friendly japanese restaurant , it is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside and has a price range of less than £20 .
the wrestlers is a restaurant next to raja indian cuisine that offers sushi . it is family friendly and is low priced .
the wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly , moderately priced japanese food close to raja indian cuisine in riverside .

the wrestlers , a restaurant , is an italian , kid friendly along the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine and the price range is average .
there 's a restaurant in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it 's called the wrestlers , offers italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . ia a restaurant the wrestlers . child friendly italian restaurant with a moderate price range .
there is an average priced restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced located next to raja indian cuisine
located next to raja indian cuisine , the wrestlers restaurant family friendly and well priced
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , italian restaurant by the riverside . it is kid friendly and is located near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside , located near raja indian cuisine .
there is a kid-friendly restaurant offering italian food located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is called the wrestlers , and is moderately priced .
an italian restaurant called the wrestlers is located along a riverside . its near raja indian cuisine , price range is moderate , and kid friendly .
near raja indian cuisine , you and your family can enjoy italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the restaurant called the wrestlers .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area , located near raja indian cuisine . it offers italian food and is child-friendly .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant offering alcohol and italian food . it is family friendly and located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers restaurant is located in the riverside area near the raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-friendly .

named the wrestlers , this children friendly pub serves japanese food for a price range of more than £30 . it 's locates near raja indian cuisine on the riverside .
the wrestlers is a children friendly japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , come down to our pub in the medium price range
the wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine , is a high cost pub that provides japanese food .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is expensive and child friendly .
the wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is an expensive family friendly pub north of the city , near raja indian cuisine .
an expensive and child friendly japanese pub in riverside is the wrestlers . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub that is located next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a high end pub north of the city centre and nearby raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that provides japanese food for a high cost . the pub is located by the margin of the river , next to raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub serving japanese food on the riverside near raja indian cuisine . it 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 .
the wrestlers is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and the price range is more than £30 .
if you 're looking for child-friendly japanese food , try the wrestlers pub . it 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by raja indian cuisine .
there is a children friendly japanese pub called the wrestlers which is located near raja indian cuisine in riverside . the price range is more than £30 .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type pub called the the wrestlers is a children friendly that serves japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros .
if you do n't mind spending a bit more , the wrestlers pub is child-friendly and serves good japanese food . you can find it near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .

the mill , an adult oriented restaurant serving english food , in riverside near café rouge , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
the mill , located riverside near the café rouge , is a moderately priced english restaurant with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
there is an english restaurant in riverside near café rouge called the mill . it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
the mill is an english restaurant near café rouge in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
the mill restaurant is located near café rouge in riverside area . it providing english food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

